Mr. FORD: This tax bill does not fully meet the criteria that I have set out. 
In 1987, foreigners underwritten our debts to the tune of about $138 billion. 
Number one, the -- this embassy security conference -- the MP here reduced the security of the embassy in his $300 million budget below what we requested, number one. 
Four more years of this man by eliminating all the regulations that have been put in place by us to clean the climate, to clean — to limit — the limit of emissions, will put us in a position where we are going to be in real trouble. 
I think the matter is settled once and for all. 
Our allies were all on the same page, NATO, as well as our Arab allies, in an attempt to achieve a settlement. 
TRUMP: No, it's not a guarantee, but it'll be by the end of the year, but I think it's a good chance. 
I think Mr. Nixon is an effective leader of his party. 
Let me come back. 
And I think it's important for us to make college affordable. 
It's just that we're gonna talk. 
I fully agree with Senator Kennedy on this point. 
Leave me alone. 
It should be based on the defence needs, security needs, strategic needs of the United States of America, and so will be done under Bob Dole as President. 
We have thousands and thousands of houses held by the government, vandalized, that have been seized in mortgage seizures. 
600 — wait a minute, Anderson, 600 times. 
And a question of fact, a question of fact... 
And we're going further down, in my opinion. 
- No, it's not. 
We need, for example, economic assistance; we need technical assistance; we need exchanges; we need diplomatic and other programmes that will be effective in this area. 
But we will have to have the courage and sacrifice, the courage to move in a new direction. 
We have the record for the seven-and-a-half-year Truman administration and the seven-and-a-half-year Eisenhower administration. 
And I don't think it should do that. 
It is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Commission. 
You must have leaders -- and they're there -- who can do it with their bare hands, with -- working with, with people on the scene. 
We also let drugs flow through our southern border to a clip. 
Anyone, ask yourself: Do you have more advantages today? 
But when a man who hopes to be president says, take this treaty, throw it away, do not vote, do not debate, do not explore the issues, do not finally capitalize on this long negotiation - it is a very dangerous and disturbing thing. 
OBAMA: Well, I think -- let's talk about taxes, because I think it's instructive. 
You did well for yourself in the private sector. 
Let's talk about the environment -- we'll get away from the controversy. 
If we don't get the growth of the economy, if we don't cut taxes, and give people credit for children, and cut the rate of capital gains, and grow that economy, we're going to fall into the next century. 
Our first question is from Patrice Brock. 
But I'm committed to the one in Portsmouth, Ohio. 
What we'd like to do is stop him. 
And you know before, when this conversation took place, you know it was about the election year or the election time. 
Prosperity will not only weaken. 
SCHIEFFER: Climate change, yes -- said what you both said, and, that is, we need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil. 
And the black market's selling price was about $250 million. 
I haven't changed in this e.d., by the way, a record of change -- I'm going to put my record and Barack's record against that of John McCain or anyone else in terms of fundamental achievements. 
How can we create high-paying jobs with the education system we have and what would you do to change it? 
And the consequence is that the federal party or federal money will go to the parent, so the parent can go to a tutoring program or another public school or other private school. 
Mr WALLACE: Vice-President Biden. 
Look, and talk about him, of course, he actually left 20 people — he switched 20 sentences of people. 
Mr President, how would you judge yourself as an environmentalist? 
So my argument is not with Ross Perot; it's more with Governor Clinton. 
TRUMP: ... $200 million is spent, and I'm either a winner or a tie, and I've spent practically nothing. 
You didn't. 
Perhaps we can obtain satisfactory assurances. 
He didn't do anything. 
There's... 40 million. 
And if it's me, actually, fine. 
All our Arab allies thought we should do exactly that. 
Candidates will then each have an opportunity to rebut. 
He had 16 other resolutions and nothing happened. 
I keep my promises. 
That's why I want to continue the work we've done on partisan opposition, working with communities to lower this crime rate until our streets are safe again. 
It's important to be friends with people when you don't need each other to have a strong friendship. 
And I can tell you that you're looking right now, in any case, those answers were yes. 
What measures do you recommend and when? 
We need to spend more money on infrastructure in Afghanistan. 
The problem is what you're doing about it. 
HELEN_THOMAS_(upi): Governor Clinton, your credibility is being questioned because of your different answers to Vietnam's project. 
And then, with the economy that would be generated by a spending restriction, and a tax reduction uh mainly for middle-income people, then I think the American people would be willing to make those sacrifices for peace and prosperity in the next four years. 
To you, Vice President Bush. 
This is how we abrogated "don't ask/don't say". 
We must help Russia succeed in its revolution and in all its republics. 
We have seen the unemployment rate fall dramatically. 
SCHIEFFER: Allow me to stay at Social Security with a new question for Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry, you have just said that you will not cut benefits. 
A judicious use of the army that will help maintain peace. 
And for our society to be as hopeful as possible, every child in America must be educated. 
CLINTON: And I did a lot... TRUMP: Your husband signed NAFTA, which was one of the worst things that happened to the manufacturing industry. 
You proposed an approach that has a... TRUMP: Who gave him that name? 
To get it, to get $150 billion in new taxes, you have to go to the guy who earns $36,600. 
Let me give you some advice. 
And we're making progress. 
In this regard, Senator Kennedy criticized the President on the ground not only for not expressing regret, but for allowing this flight to take place during the summit conference - or immediately before the summit conference. 
This means that we need to work more closely with our allies, and it is something that Donald has been very disdainful f.e. are working with NATO, the longest military alliance in world history, to really turn our attention to terrorism. 
China has an interest that is very much like us from a point of view, that is, it wants a stable world. 
The Braves, one, the Cardinals, nothing, early. 
This must be strengthened. 
And then all the liberal columnists join. 
It has nothing to do with us. 
Why can't they make the attack, make a sneaky attack, and after the attack is done, inform the American public that we hit the leaders, we had a huge success? 
All right, thank you. 
Instead of coming in and talking to people and saying, "Let" brings everyone together. 
But I believe that this Agenda for American Renewal that I have is the answer to do so, and I think we can do it now, when we haven't done it in the past, because you're going to have a whole new group of people in Congress who are going to have to listen to the same American people I'm listening to. 
He doesn't know what he's talking about. 
These are the cornerstones of my plan. 
This response was as clear as the Boston Harbour. 
I was in North Pittsburgh - I think it was a few weeks ago, on my campaign - the water pipes in this city had started to run away, and literally there was no money available to fix them. 
Thank you, Mr. Vice President. 
In the end, the national force is that the president must be in power, which he must lead. 
We live in a global economy, not a national one. 
They're shutting down factories right now, not because of their economy, but because they're choking to death on air pollution. 
Every part of my program, I've shown how I'm going to pay for it. 
Where do you want to see the court take the country? 
She's a reformer through and through. 
We're the ones who said, "Enough." With regard to the non-functioning reset, the fact is that Russia has a different interest in Syria than we do, and that is not in our interest. 
He wants to grow the government and I trust you with your own money. 
He didn't plan anything. 
Mr. Mondale? 
They are created in the private sector. 
Donald Trump, when we talked to him about the forest fires in California and the question was, you know, science tells us that, you know what Donald Trump said? 
I don't think the surplus is government money. 
If these young Americans don't have the skills that make them attractive to employees, they won't have a job. 
Why did you relax? 
And I said that I thought that rather than saying the lie we said, rather than saying that the flights would continue - in fact, I think Mr.Nixon himself said on May 15th that the flights would continue even if Mr.Herter testified before the Senate Committee on External Relations that they had been cancelled on May 12th - that he would have been much better than if we had expressed regret, if it would have saved the summit, and if the summit were useful - and I think that is the case. 
You know, because of our intelligence coordination with a number of countries, including Israel, we feel like we know when they would get a breakout capability, which means we wouldn't be able to intervene in time to stop their nuclear program. 
RADDATZ: Mr Trump, Mr Trump — I want access to public questions and questions online. 
No, no, no, it's over, sir. 
These people aren't equipped to handle it, number one. 
- Panama. 
Senator McCain and I agree with your idea that we need to help the owners. 
At the end of the first day, this little child wants to go out. 
We have seen progress towards reconciliation in Northern Ireland and the Middle East. 
What we do is work on this budget through an aggressive program, not a painful program, so we can start borrowing less money and get more investment money on the street by entrepreneurs who can build factories, who will hire people, and maybe we'll start manufacturing goods here in this country. 
And it must be courage and compassion that we show to a young woman who is facing this terribly difficult decision. 
And it's a very easy distribution for him. 
I'll tell you why. 
You'll always have a doctor's choice. 
KEMP: When I went to Buffalo Congress in 1970, you could almost cross Lake Erie because of the pollution. 
Hon.CHANCELLOR: Senator, another question concerning our relations with the Russians. 
You're launching ads that completely undermine my immigration position. 
One thing I don't understand, Jim, is why the richest 1% get their tax cuts in the first year, but 95% of seniors have to wait four to five years before they have a single penny? 
The bill, introduced by Senator Dole, applied to the entire nation. 
Seems like it's like this. 
We need to focus our research and development efforts on coal combustion and extraction, with safer mines, but also on clean combustion. 
CLINTON: That's the kind of approach that's not going to work. 
Vice President Biden, after the grand jury in the Breonna Taylor case decided not to charge the homicide police, you said it raises the question, that justice can be applied also in America. 
And I know he's making fun of this, but every president... PENCE: What does it have to do with Russia? 
There's no way to ruin this. 
When I was young, my father was a senator against the Vietnam War. 
Would you be in favour of price capping on pain and suffering? 
I ask Mr Gorbachev to join us in limiting the elimination of the regional conflict in the Middle East and Central America. 
They didn't leave our staff in China to get information about coronavirus until mid-February. 
But the president and his friends took him to the house, and now you don't have that right. 
I will not exploit, for political purposes, the youth and inexperience of my opponent. 
And it won't help us grow. 
This section, question? 
Secondly, the first civil rights law we would send to Congress would be a national ban on racial profiling. 
And we can't expect that if we do the same things we've done in the last eight years, that somehow we're going to have a different result. 
If I couldn't cut taxes and balance the budget at the same time, I wouldn't look you in the eye in your living room or where you could be and say it's good for America. 
I said I would end the war in Iraq, and I did. 
And so, the terrorist acts began and led to the only great tragedy when they were killed in this suicide bombing of the building. 
And guess what? 
Governor Romney said, "No, let the seizures fall." 
I see that the jihadists continue to spread, whether they are rising or at about the same level, difficult to measure accurately, but it is clear that they are there. 
I think the question is whether the tax cuts and the tax system currently in place in our government, which our government uses, are fair; I think the tax system is unfair. 
And we have weapons of mass destruction that cross the border every day, and they blow people up. 
This is the fourth and final debate in the 2012 campaign, which was presented to you by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
[Applause] TRUMP: The world, let me tell you. 
Respect. 
We'll be able to walk and chew gum at the same time. 
Senator Kennedy. 
Now I know that the only way to win is to make everyone believe that the economy is worse than it is. 
They're sending it. 
I know you're in the big diversion tonight, anything to avoid talking about your campaign and how it explodes and how the Republicans leave you. 
Senator, I know one of our judicial candidates, you attacked because they were members of the Roman Catholic Knights of Columbus, just because the Knights of Columbus have pro-life views. 
Bush sent two people in secret to toast Chinese leaders and basically tell them not to worry about them. 
Difficult decisions. 
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are constantly talking about mandates, not just mandates with the coronavirus, but a takeover by the health care government, the Green New Deal – 
I understand business. I understand the creation of jobs. I understand how to make things work. 
Are older people better off because inflation does not wipe out their family's savings? 
Two minutes, Senator Kerry. 
We should do it, so we can have a commission. 
That's what my campaign is for and that's what it will continue to be. 
Just let me finish their point, because you're looking for the contrast. 
Thank you, Mr. Lehrer. 
So, governor, what do you say when you mention fund-raising scandals or fundraising accusations involving Vice President Gore? 
What's not reasonable? 
I would like to ask the American people what, what has been accomplished. 
Let me say something about Columbine. 
Pay $1 an hour for your job, don't have health care -- it's the most expensive single item in car manufacturing. 
That's a good thing. 
And yes, farmers are the first environmentalists. 
Can the United States develop synthetic fuels and other alternative energy sources without damaging the environment, and will this process result in a steady increase in the fuel bill for American families? 
Rules: For each question, there can only be a two-minute answer, a 90-second refutation and, at my discretion, an extension of one minute of discussion. 
Mr. Anderson? 
They took this country from the No. 1 lender nation in the world at No. 1 debtor nation in the world. 
It costs only well-paid lobbyists, special interests in Washington, to come to lunch with the chair of the Senate Finance Committee, the one who oversees all the tax gaps in the tax code, $10,000. 
I supported what we did in Kosovo. 
He wants your kids to pay for it. 
The vice president, isn't he? 
I've never changed my mind about Iraq. 
He never did anything except in 1994, when he did such an evil to the black community. 
(Applause) SHAW: Governor, Margaret has a question for you. 
Gwen, we have 111 million U.S. taxpayers who have benefited from our income tax reductions. 
I don't know what other weapons the vice president is talking about. 
But the reality is that the costs of health care increase every day for the American people, and I hope we will have the opportunity to talk more about health care. 
The fact is that as we move forward in Afghanistan, we will pursue Osama bin Laden and the terrorists for as long as necessary. 
Here's my plan. 
And it's very difficult for us to project leadership around the world when we don't do what we have to do... SCHIEFFER: Governor Romney, I want to hear your answer to that, but I'm asking you, would you have been stuck with Mubarak? 
You cannot worry about surveys or focus groups. 
Good night. 
It was - because of the loss of teachers' salaries, it was not a bill that met my opinion if necessary. 
TRUMP: I think it's a party problem. 
SCHIEFFER: ...you're going to have a chance to answer that, because it's a perfect segue in our next segment, and that is, what is America's role in the world? 
All right. 
In other words, I saw its program cost more than $300 million a year, only for the military. 
Now, all the time in America, we have to cut people's taxes. 
I've been consistent. 
I'm gonna be respectful of people who might not agree with me. 
He says, well, he's going to raise taxes on the rich -- that's what he said -- the first two square brackets. 
By the way, just so you understand, when she said 3:00 in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. 
They finally said, Mexican jobs will eventually reach $7.50 an hour, ours will eventually go down to $7.50 an hour. 
We see -- in Libya, an attack apparently by, I think we now know, by terrorists of some kind against -- against our people there, four dead people. 
And as far as the prohibition of fracturing is concerned, I just recommend that people look at the file. 
We must demand results. 
When George Bush took office, our debt -- the national debt was about five trillion dollars. 
Of the 130 questions we have received from this group, we will start with one of the 19 health-related questions, and it is to you, Mr. Vice-President, that James Hankins will ask the question. 
Because if we do not protect this, we will destroy the future of our children. 
Only the United States has imposed sanctions alone, and that is exactly what I am talking about. 
But last Saturday, you said, and it's a quote, "I wouldn't go to war in Yugoslavia, even if the Soviet Union sent troops." 
I'll let you answer it. 
He said don't worry, he's going to leave, he's gone to Easter. 
Governor Carter, if the price of influence among the Arabs closes our eyes a little to their boycott against Israel, how would you get away with it? 
TRUMP: I think Aleppo is a disaster, from a humanitarian point of view. 
We know that the IRS has made it clear that there is no prohibition to publish it when you are under audit. 
I promised we'd cut taxes. 
Yeah, it's okay. 
We're going to block the granting of Medicaid in the states... COOPER: Thank you, Mr. Trump. 
And Mr. Ford didn't do anything. 
I firmly believe in an act of teacher protection as I mentioned. 
I think the governor may not have heard what I said clearly. 
For a return to the traditions and values we once had. 
(Laughter and applause) I'm not a politician -- everyone knows that. 
The Ministry of Energy has considerably reduced the study of these alternative sources of fuels. 
A president should never promise more than he can do and a president should always deliver everything he has promised. 
Mr. Hankins, I am not feeling well, and I think we should have a patient's statement of rights to make medical decisions away from HMOs and return them to doctors and nurses. 
Me too? 
Vice President Cheney was the most dangerous vice-president we've probably had in American history. 
I think what is misleading is to say that you can lead and succeed in Iraq if you continue to change your positions on this war. 
I would have brought our allies to our side. 
They're not right and if you look at my life, until I was involved in this effort, I was a person. 
And they're working. 
She wants to go to a single payer plan, which would be a disaster, somewhat similar to Canada's. 
That's why I led the fight against Judge Bork. 
Our first military success, we went to Baghdad and everyone celebrated. 
That does not mean that we should not fully enforce the laws and fully protect people and fully honour people, which I will do as President of the United States. 
But they made an article that had me totally against the war in Iraq. 
My name is Shannon McAfee. 
But the government has not ordered a woman to do what she thinks is the right thing to do. 
He believes in nation-building. 
When you include the Iraqi security forces that suffered losses, as well as the allies, they took almost 50 percent of the losses in Iraq operations, leaving the United States with 50 percent, not 90 percent. 
And Secretary Acheson made a very famous speech at the Press Club, at the beginning of the year that k-Korea war began, indicating that South Korea was beyond the US defence zone. 
I know it won't happen like a shock. 
OBAMA: Let me first point out that this advice we are talking about cannot make a decision on the treatments that are given. 
I worked with the Latinos — one of my first jobs in politics was in southern Texas to register Latin citizens so that I could vote. 
I was in Jerusalem two years ago, actually three years ago, in August 2001, at the King David Hotel. 
They did not lead from a bipartite point of view and I think Al Gore's file is not very good. 
Good. 
I know the governor doesn't necessarily say that, but, you know, all those flights that came in, all of them were in compliance with the sanctions regime, I'm told, except for three where they notified, and they're trying to get out of the box, there's no question about that. 
I believe that we should love our neighbor as we love ourselves, as we have shown in public policy through the faith-based initiative where we have liberated the armies of compassion to help heal those who suffer. 
Actually, morale wasn't very good either. 
You can't do that. 
I'm not surprised. 
But let me just say, for the record, that I did not vote to cut the COLA. 
We send $700 billion a year abroad to countries that don't like us very much. 
Governor Carter, your answer. 
And I welcome you to the first presidential debate in 2004 between President George W. Bush, the Republican candidate, and Senator John Kerry, the democratic candidate. 
There are always problems in the world, and the way these troubled areas are dealt with by a single president in this oval office directly affects our nation, the involvement of the United States and also our American interests. 
They would not have materialized for about nine to eighteen months. 
And what we've been able to do is establish a program that works, it's getting people back to work. 
If they left the Air Quality Act alone as it is today, no change, the air would be cleaner than if you passed the Clear Sky Act. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
Mr President, you said that Mr. 
Let me finish. 
And the reason I had to do it is that he ran left into the democratic primary, ran firmly and ran with conviction and ran into his file. 
We have to change it. 
Is Vice President Gore right when he says you've been proposing the largest federal spending in years? 
Mondale, I'm afraid your time is up. 
When I become President of the United States, I will speak. 
A - More countries voted against us in Asia on this issue than with us. 
You can look at all the numbers, the reductions we make and the revenues we collect. 
We need to keep it within two minutes. 
(LAUGHTER) I'm sorry, go ahead and finish your thought. 
Get people who have no interest in politics but understand the question and let them make the recommendation to Congress. 
And that is why we support choice in education. 
That is what we believe. 
Well, then, let's say -- I'll say it differently, then. 
But we also believe in maintaining the right of individuals to pursue their dreams and not that the government should replace the rights of free individuals. 
I am sure you know that in the resolutions adopted by Congress, which added about $17 billion in additional expenditure, by Congress on the budget that I recommended. 
But, of course, if you are a small business, a parent-pop business or a big business that starts here, you have to pay even the reduced rate that Governor Romney talks about. 
It's okay. 
First, we need more community health centres. 
Now I haven't mentioned their names, because they're rich, but they're not famous. 
But we must always ensure that people are safe. 
One of the two groups raised him to a form of art. 
Communism is the enemy of all religions; and we who believe in God must unite. 
Governor Rockefeller says five percent. 
Well, I'm looking forward to it. 
I believe that owners must be respected and have the right to have a weapon if they wish. 
I could raise a lot more money. 
I worked hard to help families pass on values to their own children. 
Now he says he's only going to tax the rich. 
The largest beneficiary, Black and Hispanic communities, then historically Black colleges and universities. 
I think it's the right strategy. 
I decided that the right action was in Iraq. 
We have fundamental problems in the system. 
And, therefore, the number of abortions. 
In other words, it does not converge as suggested by the President. 
And now I suggest that you maybe go to some of those organizations that are the watchdogs of what we do, like the Citizens Against Government Waste or the National Taxpayers Union or those other organizations that look at us all the time. 
But I saved some black universities and historical colleges. 
Senator Kennedy has struck that point again and again. 
Here in the United States, we have made significant progress. 
I therefore believe that this is the purpose of law enforcement. 
Google "Donald Trump Irak." 
And yet, it condemns the vetoes that I have made - which saved the taxpayer $9 billion and could have saved an additional $13 billion. 
What I criticized was the policies that made it necessary to go to Korea. 
Now, everyone says, talk about business areas, that can be part of the solution, but what will your administrations really do to help cities? 
It is the same kind of law that allows you to have fees - and you have collected more than a quarter of a million dollars of fees now, speaking to various interest groups. 
John McCain said, no, it was gonna be okay. 
This is the most important election you have ever, ever voted, any of you, since 1932. 
You know, usually when there's a crisis, we get together. 
Let us step back and talk about what is happening in Syria and its importance. 
We can keep talking. 
" Luckily, she didn't keep me at this deal. 
The economy of the WIEGHART nation: Mr. 
But when my figures are contested, as the President himself challenged them after I made them, I think it is necessary to draw the attention of John and others here that my figures are the figures of the Ministry of Energy, which has not been too optimistic in recent years as to the amount of supply that we have left. 
We believe in more educational opportunities and measures to strengthen families and not restrict their access to education. 
A reminder, as we continue now, that these debates are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
And with regard to the moment when I struggle, I appreciate and — and — I have a great deal of respect for Senator Kaine's sincere faith. 
Shortly after becoming President in December 1974, I met Secretary-General Brejnev in Vladivostok and we agreed to a mutual capping of ballistic missile launchers to a ceiling of twenty-four hundred, which means that the Soviet Union, if it becomes a permanent agreement, will have to reduce their launchers that they now have or plan to have. 
That's how we chased Al-Qaida and Bin Laden. 
OTIS: Senator Kerry, after talking with several colleagues, family and friends, I asked those who said they didn't vote for you: "Why? » 
What I called a tax reduction for 95 percent of working families, 95 percent. 
I'm telling you, one thing I'm not going to do is that I'm not going to let the United States carry the burden to clean the world's air. 
I must remind him that the Democrats have been in control of Congress for twenty-two years and have drafted all the tax bills. 
You live very well. 
My mother and father built one — all that matters in a small town in southern Indiana. 
But these are the issues that we should be discussing and if we can simply move away from flag factories, balloons and that kind of thing and engage in a real discussion on these issues, I think we will have a good success. 
In 1983, because of these tax preferences, it paid just over 12 per cent, or 12.8 per cent in taxes. 
But what I would do first of all is get in touch with the President of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, to find out all the facts and all the circumstances. 
Can you tell us what took you so long? 
You both want to get both parties together. 
And you can have the right type of experience and the wrong type of experience. 
We will re-apply our founding principles. 
They'll do it anyway. 
And I said, I can't wait to go and work with you. 
And we don't have the money, because it's been wasted on so many of your ideas. 
Mondale talked about the worst year of farmers. 
I'll never know. 
That is exactly what our budget is doing, and it also allows us to reduce our deficit, which is an important concern for national security. 
SHADEL: Mr. McGee has the next question for Senator Kennedy. 
This includes votes against pesticide controls, the superfund for toxic waste and the protection of health and safety from nuclear waste. 
And I can only tell him that we have reduced per capita spending, per capita government size, as a proportion of other states - we have only increased the size of the government one-twelfth of what it had increased in the previous eight years. 
But the real thing we must have is a competitive economic strategy. 
Most -- all economists say that if we did this, it would throw us into a deep recession or depression and put millions of people out of work, but let me come directly to this question. 
And you choose 20,000, whether or not they need the money, and they're paid for volunteering. 
A third of our public schools fail under this administration. 
And tragically, these handguns are often purchased to protect themselves and find themselves used against a relative or friend. 
This is not the way to manage our foreign policy, including international trade. 
But when you keep warning him -- I never suggested where the weapons should be or what kind; I'm not a scientist. 
And one of the things I suspect Governor Romney and I probably agree is to have companies work with community colleges to put their training programs in place... LEHRER: Do you agree, Governor? 
It was the guy who led the whole world, including Russia and China, to carry out the most devastating - the most devastating - efforts on Iran to ensure that they actually stop (inaudible). 
CLINTON: Well, actually... TRUMP: I'll bring it — excuse me. 
I'm in favour. 
It was a huge victory for American farmers, especially dairy products in the upper Midwest. 
He even said the other day that he wouldn't potentially meet the Prime Minister of Spain, because he -- you know, he wasn't sure they were aligned with us. 
That's right. 
If they do, then they will have heard the harsh reality of what we have to do. 
And, there's a second part to my follow-up, very quickly. 
I'm just not gonna do that. 
Maybe you can do it now. 
There are 55 U.S. military personnel in El Salvador. 
What would a biden administration do in January and February that a Trump administration would not do? 
And when they were asked why, Richard Lugar said because of the incompetence of the administration. 
I'm looking at New York. 
Some of our troops are not well equipped. 
No, I don't think that's gonna happen. 
I was told that in a private session of the United States Senate, you made one of the most eloquent and virulent speeches in the name of the counter-help that anyone has given during the eight years of Reagan's term, which you have in fact alluded to the threat that the Sandinist regime could pose to your own state in Texas. 
We could channel specific and targeted jobs by paying part of the wages of the unemployed and sharing with local governments the payment of wages that would allow us to reduce the unemployment rate much lower before we reach the inflationary level. 
Reducing our deficit by adding $7 trillion in reductions in military taxes and expenditures that our military personnel do not demand, even before we reach the debt we currently have, will not make us more competitive. 
They want to be free. 
Let me draw your attention to the key word. 
It's not safe enough. 
I was elected first woman of colour, and black woman, to be elected Attorney General of the State of California, where I headed the second largest Department of Justice in the United States, second only in the United States Department of Justice. 
And we are currently producing tens of millions of doses. 
Now I have outlined in detail a program to be hard on law enforcement at home and abroad, double the number of drug law enforcement officers, have a hemispheric summit shortly after January 20 when we bring our democratic neighbours and allies here in this hemisphere and will work together. 
Regardez Mossoul. 
But he told me, being yourself, that's why I chose you, don't change one position you have. 
BIDEN: Public debate. 
In my comment there, it was a lame attempt at a joke and yours was a lame attempt at a joke, too, I guess, because nobody got it. 
Whether or not it is -- the same thing about domestic politics too. 
She said she wanted to record her concerns about the lack of a plan to convert our defence-oriented industries to other purposes. 
Let me tell you something. 
My grandparents did. 
Ladies and gentlemen, my father had an expression. He said, "Scope, when you're shot, get up." 
MP Jim Sensenbrenner, Chair of the Chamber's Judicial Committee, declared on his dead body before he was renewed without being reverified. 
- Just 15 seconds to answer. 
I consider myself in the current of my party. 
The questions will be alternated between the candidates. 
Respect the first amendment, but I will do something to help you raise your children without this garbage. 
We pray for democracy to come to Haiti, but until now, Haiti's message is rather ambiguous, despite the declaration of victory of this administration. 
Over the years, you have expressed several positions, while opposing almost all forms of government payment for it. 
Reagan, after the choice, will have to propose a tax increase, and you will have to compare what he proposes. 
We need to pull ourselves together. 
You're both opposed to the project. 
How can this happen in an administration and have a president of the United States in a situation like this one saying he didn't know? 
When she was at the head of their board of directors of energy and natural resources, she saw corruption, she resigned and said, "It can't go on." 
We both believe it, as a lawyer -- I'm a lawyer, too. 
So, if we're at a time in history when we want to stop talking about it and do it, I have a lot of experience in determining how to solve problems, running solutions, and then moving on to the next one. 
I'm Judy Woodruff of the news hour MacNeil-Lehrer of PBS and Frontline. 
Our diplomatic isolation must be harder. 
Take them back to public life. 
Strong, well-equipped, well-trained and well-maintained conventional forces. 
Go on. 
Are not the solutions to Central America's problems simply, again, too weak and too late? 
And the sooner they start, the sooner they finish. 
Our tax structure is a shame, it needs to be reformed. 
OBAMA: Alan (ph), thank you very much for the question. 
The, you mentioned the Gromyko meeting, they were broken up under Carter-Mondale days. 
CLINTON: First of all, we have a big plan to reduce the capital gains tax when people sell their homes. 
A president is called the Commander-in-Chief. 
We do not have a person to waste in this area are economically murdered because we have too many abandonments. 
And, indeed, I have met many people who have been hardened by you and your businesses, Donald. 
So, so that we can have the opportunity for interrogators to question me, it will be before the next televised debate. 
But I'd like to use my remaining time on this exchange, Jim, to respond to an exchange that took place a moment ago. 
One is to make sure Congress doesn't spend too much. 
We read their accounts about what happened. 
And the way I pay for that -- I'm not fiscally irresponsible -- is that I step back the tax cut that this president so fiercely wants to defend, the one for him, me and Charlie. 
Before I leave, let me talk about the votes, if I can. 
Between Facebook and Twitter, I have almost 25 million people. 
And all that cowardly talk from my friend, Governor Romney, and the MP, about how we're going to do, we could do so much more in there, what else would they do than put American boots on the floor? 
GORE: We support the choice of public school to go to any public school of your choice. 
Middle-income families are crushed. 
There is no private accommodation. 
I'm against it, too. 
We currently have 543 people. 
Alors... 
Name a group that came out and supported you. 
Actually, I've been thinking about it. 
Many people come to this country for economic reasons. 
PALIN: We're circulating about $700 billion a year in foreign countries, some of whom don't like America -- they certainly don't have our best interests at heart -- instead of those dollars circulating here, creating tens of thousands of jobs and allowing domestic energy supplies to be exploited and begin to flow into these very, very hungry s. independence is the key to the future of this nation, our economic future, and our national security. 
And they win. 
And we will build the strongest international network to prevent nuclear proliferation. 
I want to get a better rate of return for your own money than the little 2% that the current Social Security Trust gets today. 
How we pay for this, reduce the deficit, and make the investments we have to make, without throwing those costs at middle-class Americans, I think that is one of the central issues of this campaign. 
People should be free to choose whatever arrangement they want. 
In fact, I must point out here that Senator Kennedy has attacked our foreign policy. 
I said it wasn't the right thing to do. 
Look what's happening to McDonnell Douglas; even Boeing is losing market share -- because we're letting Europeans spend $25-40 billion on Airbus without an appropriate competitive response. 
In the end, we will, in fact, eliminate those wasted spending that exists in the budget right now, a number of things that I don't have the time, because the light is flashing, which I won't be able to mention, but one of them is the $100 billion tax dam that actually allows people to remove their postal box off the ground, to avoid taxes. 
You go to the city centers and — you see, that's 45 percent of poverty. 
Who? 
And this kind of approach, I believe, will not grow our economy, because the only way to pay it without weighing up the middle class or blowing up our deficit is to make drastic cuts in things like education, making sure that we continue to invest in basic science and research, all the things that help America grow. 
We need to eliminate programs that do not work, and we need to ensure that the programs we have are more effective and cost less. 
You accepted the two minutes, so please leave him alone. 
Although we have seen signs of hope, perhaps in the flash report for the third quarter, that the economy may be emerging from the recession, we have also seen the rise in the premium rate; we have seen mortgage rates recover again, a sure sign of inflation in the housing industry. 
I want to answer part of that. 
Let me tell you that, first of all, I am opposed to a tax reduction for the election year, whether it is the 10% tax reduction promised to taxpayers by my opponent in this debate tonight, or whether it is the $27 reduction. 
The air's dirty. 
And probably eliminated faster than our plan, but we wanted to be so conservative with him, that people would see how. how much this could be done. 
That's the kind of thing Michael Dukakis and I are going to do to bring a better America for all of our people. 
He was a fantastic governor of Missouri. 
We went ahead and made sure that we cut taxes for the middle class. 
North Korea has made progress with its nuclear weapons programme, from one to two nuclear weapons to six to eight nuclear weapons. 
We are a nation that believes that we are all children of the same god and that we care for those who have difficulties, those who are old and have problems and challenges, those who are disabled. 
You come in, you put your little card in there. 
EDWARDS: Yes, but they didn't fund the mandates they gave schools across the country. 
But we should stay firm. 
You can go around the world - and let me take Israel for example. 
And we've been through a lot together over the last three years. 
And I plead for a grace for crooks. 
We saw what happened. 
I must remind him that we are at peace and during the period when he claims that unemployment is low, the United States was at war. 
We turn to Europe, to Asia because the struggle is in the underdeveloped world. 
I think the biggest thing that has happened in the South has been the adoption of the Civil Rights Act and the opening up of opportunities - for black people - the opportunity to vote, to take up a job, to buy a house, to go to school and to participate in public affairs. 
I looked in Mr Putin's eyes, and I saw three letters, one "K", one "G" and one "B". 
It seems to me that a moment of reflection tells you why the United States Senate rejected this amendment, because it will undermine the practice of honest faith in our country by politicizing it. 
I therefore reject the idea that I do not believe in great teachers or in more teachers. 
What eventually happened was that, as a result of a so-called trade war with China, America lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs. 
These are the challenges you don't have that end up consuming most of your time. 
We must insist that Arafat send instructions to put an end to some of the provocative acts of violence that have occurred. 
The government will have to learn to be more effective and to live with less if that is what it takes to reign in the growth of government that we have seen today. 
He was replaced by Mary Fisher, who electrified the Republican Convention by speaking of the compassion and concern we feel. 
A long time ago, I warned Vladimir Putin. 
It does not seem to me that it is necessary or necessary to have legislation in this regard. 
We do not want to be drawn into a military conflict. 
We must return to the fundamental values of this country. 
So now, each candidate will have up to four minutes for a final statement. 
We do not spend a higher percentage of our income on public education than all other countries. 
30. 
That is why we must be firm and determined to bring them to justice. 
The Russians and the French fly commercial airliners back to Baghdad and scramble their noses to the international sanctions regime, and of course the UN inspectors were expelled and the €TM were absolutely no answer. 
I would like to know what you are -- I think we would all like to know what you, as President, would do to ensure adequate resources for the current mission and/or to choose more selectively when and where our forces will be used anywhere in the world. 
China is now the largest manufacturer in the world. 
President Obama was right, he said it was outrageous to have deficits as high as half a trillion dollars under the Bush years. 
I was absolutely -- I shouldn't say that -- another Clinton. 
Again, if you're someone who thinks about the future, I think it's fair to say that it's gonna be -- we're gonna figure this out. 
I want to appoint Supreme Court judges who understand how the world really works, who have real life experience, who have not only been in a large law firm and perhaps committed to a judge and then got on the bench, but, you know, maybe they've tried other cases, they actually understand what people are doing against it. 
They can buy a computer for their child going to university, which means they spend more money, businesses have more customers, businesses make more profits, and then hire more workers. 
I'm asking you. 
There were three democratic presidents who led us to war. 
And he'll shut the whole country down. 
You know, Bob, I don't know. 
It's a question that -- look, it divides us. 
I'm used to saying something that's not always true, but keep repeating it and hope I will believe it. 
I think it is essential that we do so because, over the next ten years, the balance of power will begin to evolve in the world from one direction or another - towards us or the communists - and unless we begin to identify ourselves not only with the anti-communist struggle, but also with the fight against poverty and hunger, these people will start to turn to the communists as an example. 
What can you tell me today, as well as my fellow American professors, about your plans for our immediate future? 
Of course, we care about people, we care about children, we care about tragedy. 
We have -- thank you. 
They said we'd have to... 
A jobless family where both breadwinners are away from home and can't spend time with their children or can't send the child to school of their choice rather than simply the choice of the federal bureaucracy, can't be as strong as a family that has the support, love, dignity and justice that goes with a breadwinner, a strong job, and if that man or woman wants to work, it's their choice, not just to pay taxes. 
And part of that leadership sends the right message to places like North Korea. 
Unfortunately, nearly 300 brave young Marines were killed. 
This specific accusation was made in a press release by Mark Fabiani, spokesman for the Gore campaign, and not in a TV guide. 
Mr. Nixon indicated earlier that he would defend Quemoy and Matsu even though the attack on these islands, two miles from the coast of China, was not part of a general attack on a Formosa and the Pescadores. 
Twenty new African countries during this administration. None of them chose a communist government. 
As far as possible, I want to restore power to States and the people. 
Now we are rebuilding it and we are making record numbers, 11.4 million jobs in a short period of time, etc. 
We do not have a comprehensive and understandable foreign policy that deals with global or even regional problems. 
He's isolated. 
Iran is flying over Iraq... and the opposition is armed. 
I'm just as sick as you are when I wake up and figure out how to defend myself every day. 
Goodbye. 
I'm gonna get ISIS out of here. 
Mr. Perot. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, how do you respond to that? 
I have repeatedly stated that the United States must respect its commitment in Berlin. 
(Laughter, applause) Isn't that the point? 
Mr. WALLACE: Vice-President Biden, last question for you. 
He cut it off if it was arbitrary. 
Parents will have to show more responsibility. 
And that's what I'm worried about. 
But, Andrea, I think we can go far beyond that too, because we now have the opportunity, step by step, to reduce the level of strategic weapons, to get a test ban treaty, to negotiate these conventional force reductions. 
What do you have to say about this possibility? 
I know Mr. Khrushchev. 
Of course, you'll fight. 
Whatever position I take on this, this will become the problem. 
He strongly opposed the Family and Medical Leave Act, the first law that President Clinton had signed as President. 
What about the honor of my state? 
Are you afraid I won't hear it? 
95% of all seniors would not get any help under my opponent's plan for the first four or five years. 
And I said, "How many adults here are unemployed?" 
It took as well -- it took as well two weeks for the whole idea that there was a riot over there about that tape. 
Let's go to the closing statements. 
And I'm going to tell you, we're cutting them out of big leagues for the middle s.d. I'm going to tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, people. 
I believe that the archbishop has the right to do whatever he wants in this direction, just as I never blamed Jesse Jackson for taking his message to the black pulpits across the country, just as I never objected when nuclear weapons, the nuclear freeze or the antinuclear people - many of these movements were led by priests. 
Yes. 
Yes, I did. 
And so my question is... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: Senator Obama... OBAMA: ... judgment, whether or not -- whether the question is who is best equipped as the next president to make good decisions about how we use our military, how we make sure that we are ready and ready for the next conflict, so I think we can take a look at our judgment. 
Because I think you see, I'm one of the people I get myself by being a little outmoded about these things, but I believe in the public service. 
I'm here tonight for these young people here on the balcony of this university. 
The planes were in the air and our negotiators were talking to the dictator there. And when that dictator received news from his spies outside the door that all those planes were taking off, he said, let's get out of here. 
And we have to do our part. 
Chemical plants, oils and refineries that pollute. 
In fact, there are 8 here in St.Petersburg, already on the pace, you can meet one of them who leaves this auditorium tonight. 
You don't have a gun. 
And if they don't, they end up in jail. 
He more than doubled the spending of the state while he was governor - 122% increase - and had between 20% and 30% increase in the number of SMITH employees: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Carter. 
This includes telling oil companies, which currently have 68 million acres, that they don't use them, that you use them, or that you lose them. 
It's time. 
But they are also the sign that you will inherit a very divided electorate, economically, politically, you call it. 
ROMNEY: It's wonderful that Libya seems to be making some progress, despite this terrible tragedy. 
Yeah, I think so. 
They want to return to science, and they want a President-led policy that helps bridge the widening gap between the United States, Europe and Japan. 
KAINE: I can't believe Governor Pence would sit here and defend his race companion, pretending that we should create an expulsion force so that they all left. 
We want a stable world. 
or a country house. 
They see scandals almost every day. 
In this cold war, we must recognize where it is being fought and then we must develop programmes to deal with it. 
He is an eldest son who is in his first year at the junior college in St Petersburg. 
We lost more people on September 11 than at Pearl Harbor. 
I'm the Democratic Party right now. 
The other was that one administration could change the tone in Washington, D.C. And I think the answer is yes, otherwise I would not ask for your vote. 
He persecutes LGBT people and journalists. 
It was his economy that he closed. 
FERRARO: With regard to the bus vote I launched in 1979, Fritz Mondale and I both agree on the same objective and that is non-discrimination. 
Excuse me. 
We have here Cuba 90 miles from our coasts, and what we have done, we have passed the law that gave people the right to prosecute and the President has postponed it for six months. 
What happened was that we were distracted, that we diverted resources, and finally Bin Laden escaped, set up base camps in the mountains of Pakistan in the north-west provinces. 
That's my commitment. 
You cannot have an economy that over the last three years continues to slow down its growth rate. 
Now, I think that if we work together, and if you have a president who will work with Congress and the American people, we can bring back that deficit regularly, $20, $25, $30 billion a year, build economic growth, build a strong future for America, invest in the things we need to invest in economic development, good jobs, good schools for our children, educational opportunities for young people, decent health care and affordable housing, and a clean and safe environment. 
Personally, I don't think this is the good future for America, and I think we should take another tack. 
Gentlemen, we're running out of time to go to climate change, please. 
Thank you, Tom. 
Who will you increase taxes to? 
They knew it and they covered it. 
And so the Long Commission released a report, and President Reagan got up and said: I am commander-in-chief. 
I said I'd make sure the women are safe who use drugs. 
You didn't want me to ban Europe. 
Sometimes we were embarrassed and sometimes we were ashamed. 
Wait a minute. 
But I think that by improving productivity, they would be much less inflationary than the consumption-oriented tax cuts that Governor Reagan recommends. 
And so he was a man there in this field where it was delivered, and he acknowledged that what was in this manual was in direct violation of my own executive order, in December 1981, that we would have nothing to do with political assassinations. 
One last point on energy. 
It is in the form of the largest community development financial institution ever established in the United States or any other country and it is creating jobs in south-central Los Angeles right now. 
I am also opposed to these policies. 
Sir, it's his two minutes. 
He said that two divisions would not have to come forward, and that is not what the joint leaders say. 
And John tells us that first, we need to cut spending before we can cut taxes. 
Mike Mansfield, a former Leader of the Senate, once told me -- he -- that I criticized Jesse Helms. 
QUARLES: Vice President Bush, one of the most emotional problems of this campaign was the separation of the Church and the State. 
IFILL: Governor, please respond to what he said about Senator McCain's comments on health care. 
BENTSEN: I really have to say, Brit, I don't make a lot of mistakes, but this one was a real thug. 
We need to increase the pressure time, and again on Iran, because anything other than -- one -- a solution to that, which says -- that stops that -- that nuclear madness on their part is unacceptable to America. 
It is the first president of the history of the United States of America that anyone seeking asylum must do so in another country. 
And I am blessed, as I think the President is blessed, as I said last time. 
But it seems to me that the kids should -- if they started, they should stop and not do it. 
I was governor. 
People love America. 
I don't think I can legislate or transfer my article of faith to another American citizen. 
GORE: We both use a similar language to achieve exactly the opposite result. 
It's never as simple as the president wants you to believe. 
Policy which rejects quotas. 
Secondly, we need to increase our exports relative to our imports. 
Today, there are only three remaining, including Cuba. 
But as president, I must represent the entire nation's people. 
The constitutional amendment for voluntary prayer at school, in my opinion, would be an excellent idea. 
7 million jobs in the manufacturing sector have been lost. 
You have about a million here in Arizona, just shy, 950,000, who have no health insurance at all. 
If Iran acquires nuclear weapons, all other countries will acquire them as well. 
The second thing is that all this assumes that the Soviets would not respond in kind. 
Then he survived the Soviet Union's takeover of his country. 
Thank you so much for being here. 
And we have too much government and too much spending and the government is -- the size of the government has increased by 40 percent over the last eight years. 
This begins with an increase in the national minimum wage and finally guarantees equal pay for women's work.I also want to see more companies share profits. 
Can I answer that? 
They blocked the admission of prescription drugs to Canada. 
I finally had them for 12 to 15 years. 
And we're going to enforce these agreements, and we're going to look for companies to help us by buying American products. 
And I think he'll keep them, too. 
Why isn't it done? 
I did it. 
We're not doing it today. 
It was a committee chaired by the late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, a Democrat. 
Each intervention will take four minutes and we will start with the Vice-President. 
It's China's fault. 
And as president, I will always respect everyone's right to practice religion as it is chosen -- or not to practice -- because it is part of America. 
What I object to -- [applause] -- what I oppose -- what I oppose is someone who seeks to use his faith to question the faith of others or to use that faith and who seeks to use the power of government to impose it on others. 
I'm proud of my son. 
The third time. 
We also included South Korea, Japan and Russia. 
A senator runs every six years. 
I kept faith with my family. 
But -- but what he did is -- if you extrapolate how much money we're talking about, you'd look at cutting the education budget by up to 20%. 
Well, he didn't make a line. 
We must make education the number one priority in our country and treat teachers as well as the professionals they are. 
This kind of deterioration of our economic strength can only weaken us all over the world. 
He was a very distinguished Secretary of Defense, and I have nothing negative to say about him. 
And from the analysis I have done so far, it seems to me that this tax bill justifies my signature and approval. 
And, Lester, they take our work, they give incentives, they do things that, frankly, we don't do. 
I would also like to thank the University of Mississippi for hosting us tonight. 
And we start with Vice President Biden for two minutes. 
It's a matter of fairness. 
That's what works. 
As a coup de change has determined, the first question is yours, Senator Kerry. 
I'm happy to defend him. 
I want the veto. 
Actually, like you, too. 
I don't remember." 
And that's what the Republicans did to us. 
And I agree with him on this point. 
What would be - to continue the progress that has been made under the last two courts - the Warren Court and the Burger Court. 
So this is the first step. 
But I hope that from now on you will not say this particular thing, which is absolutely wrong. 
The crime fell, but it's because mayors like Rudy Giuliani, where a third of the fall occurred in a city, New York City. 
I just described my plan. 
At the same time, we witnessed a rapid expansion of our commitments throughout the world, as troops were sent here and there. 
I jumped over there. 
You know, both Japan and Germany are opening up by proclaiming to the world now that the largest new market in world business history is the market for new products and technologies that promote economic progress without destroying the environment. 
She's never changed. 
America is not temporary, we are forever. 
Eleven hours on the same day, two Mondays ago, John McCain said we have an economic crisis. 
So Ford's leaving. 
I got used to it. 
The whole world has economic difficulties. 
I thought there were exaggerations on the numbers. 
Okay, we're going to go on another subject now, and the subject is a priority. 
Such things should be done, they should be encouraged and supported, and even demanded by the government, yes. 
I'm strongly against abortion. 
Governor, are you going to bring the American people into the foreign policy decision-making process? 
Please. 
And then, if this unfortunate situation happens - if this situation, which would be very tragic, happens, I will be ready to assume the responsibilities of the presidency of the United States of America. 
It's very easy when you have to do with the 90-90 hindrance. 
And like John McCain, I've learned from experience, and it's not a new job for me. 
And I believe that a new start, a new credibility, a president who can understand what we need to do to reach out to the Muslim world so that it is clear that it is not, you know -- Osama bin Laden uses the invasion of Iraq to go to people and say that America has declared war on Islam. 
KAINE: Do you know that we had 175,000 soldiers deployed on the battlefield in Iraq and Afghanistan? 
DREW: Sir, in the coming years, could you try to reduce the deficit, would you spend more money than those programs you just described, or could you, as you said earlier, return any surplus you got to people in the form of tax relief? 
In some parts of the world, we have the entire productive generation, in a way, been eliminated because of AIDS, except for the elderly and children -- no one to do the basic work that manages an economy. 
This is a huge problem and corruption in official agencies, such as the armed forces and police services all over the world, customs officials, is one of the worst forms of this. 
What do we need? 
Trump... and that's a big problem. 
Social security is in excess of $70 billion. 
We just — we just had a conversation about law enforcement. 
It takes more than the same thing. 
And all of a sudden, the results of the lack of a plan caught up with America. 
He said that. 
It is not a question of determining how this relationship should be achieved in relation to our current diplomatic recognition and the obligations to the Taiwanese government. 
I believe in 1960 and sixty-one and two and three we have an appointment with destiny. 
The most powerful officer in the firm now. 
It is clear that we should commit ourselves to this, that social security benefits should not be imposed and that there would be no peremptory change in the standards according to which social security benefits are paid to pensioners. 
And they're leaving now because of the policies of this administration. 
We're old. 
That's good. 
It is tragic that the full transcript of this interview was not published and that there were excerpts, some of the excerpts, taken out of context. 
We are rich in energy, and coal is one of the great potentials we have. 
You didn't do that with Mr. Bush in 1992. 
Prime Minister Allawi was here. He's the head of this country. He's a brave man. When he came, after giving a speech to Congress, my opponent questioned his credibility. 
I will never give up the authority of our country or our security to any other nation. 
The next round of -- forgive me, the next set of questions begins with you, Senator Biden. 
I'm gonna go back to that... 
In one way or another, we're going to have to have some love in this country between races, and between rich and poor. 
I'm ready to sign this ticket. 
And people who believe and strongly believe in the second amendment were very upset by what she had to say. 
And that leads our friends south to our region, and we must also end these deficits. 
I'm gonna ask you both that. 
Gentlemen. 
You get wellness visits without co-payment. 
And for now, as you know, the United States has taken the lead in a no-flight operation up there in-- no-flight order in the United Nations. 
We cut off important items that the Cuban regime needs to survive. 
And if you have a -- if you have an elderly parent or grandparent who needs long-term care, then you will get help with that. 
I enjoyed tonight's debate. 
We have the strongest army, and I will do whatever is necessary, if I am president, to make sure it stays that way. 
I think the government is spending too much. 
TRUMP: So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies, and she caused the violence. 
Welcome to the first and only 2008 Vice-President debate between the Republican candidate, Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska, and the democratic candidate, Joe Biden of e. Commission on Presidential Debates is the sponsor of this event and the last two presidential debates. 
And when I look at what's happening in Charlotte, a city I love, a city where I have investments, when I look at what's happening in different parts of our country, if it's — I mean, I can just keep naming them all day — we need law and order in our country. 
I could give better examples, but for -- for all that it is, whether in housing, health, medical care, or schools, or the development of electricity, we have programs that we believe will advance America, move it forward and build on the wonderful record we have made over the past seven and a half years. 
You asked a question, let him finish. 
What kind of appointments should they expect from you? 
And some say that's what Putin wanted in the first place. 
I started a business. 
In addition, we can have more exchanges with Poland or with any other Iron Curtain country that show a certain desire to take a path different from that taken by those who are complete satellites of the Soviet Union. 
Two women, both probably from mid to late 50s, had just been laid off. 
He was supported by Congress and the law. 
No, I see why people think he changes his position quite often, because he does. 
But I didn't destroy our businesses. 
You'll never balance the budget by increasing taxes. 
I supported that. 
Now, look, we have the worst recovery of an economy since the Great Depression. 
What he's asking me is that I have a litmus test for my judges? 
And they get squeezed on both sides. 
Let's give him a chance to answer. 
Keep my promises to the American people. 
At the same time, we put a limit of thirteen hundred and twenty on MIRVs. 
And when that dictator received news from his spies outside the door that all those planes were taking off, he said, let's get out of here. 
I met people who struggled with this for years, people who were in a marriage because they were living a kind of assembly, and they fought with her. 
Let's talk -- we're still on the economy. 
We can't get to the extreme. 
It is a deviation from idealism; it is a deviation from a commitment to our major ally in the Middle East, which is Israel; it is a return to Arab economic pressure on the oil issue; and it is also a huge indication that under the Ford administration we have not adequately addressed energy policy. 
It's dangerous. 
We must ensure that education in any of our programmes, I think, is absolute. 
We must move forward with the process of negotiating strategic weapons, with the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and with negotiations leading to the reduction of conventional forces in Europe, with greater reductions on the Soviet side, and with Senator Bentsen and I pursuing this policy. 
WALTERS: As we discuss politics, if Iran had not taken American hostages. 
And there is an enormous amount of untied work to protect the cowardly nuclear materials in the world that are able to reach terrorists. 
We must find ways to restore it within the framework of foreign policy and national security policy. 
What would you do, in particular, over the next four years to reverse this trend? 
And what I'm going to do as President of the United States is call one, one, together a whole group of people in the White House, everything that goes with civil rights groups, police officers, chiefs of police, and we're going to settle this. 
I'm Charles Gibson from ABC News and "Hello America". 
That's what we d. w, if it was Russia, if it was China, if it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama, that we lost control of the things we used to control r. e. came with the Internet, we found the Internet, and I think Secretary Clinton and I would very much agree, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they beat us at our own game. 
A governor appoints judges of the Supreme Court. 
How do you see the link between the control of firearms sales in this country and the incidence of death by accidental or intentional use of firearms? 
RYAN: He found common ground -- and he balanced the budget... BIDEN: You saw -- if he was doing such a good job... RADDATZ: Mr.Vice-President... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: ...four times without increasing taxes... BIDEN: Why doesn't he dispute Massachusetts? 
But first, we must have an aggressive employment program. 
I do not exclude modernization, and there are discussions now in Congress, I know with the Pentagon, about a cheaper part of the modernized earth triad. 
Completely. 
I want to see market economies emerge all over the world and, to the extent that they do, we succeed. 
If you have an extravagant child, you can give him a course on his extravagance. 
This situation of trade policy, of deficit reduction. 
They have so many loopholes that they don't have to pay a lot of taxes. 
Those who can afford to have them will continue to have them. 
Now, when we have a candidate for the presidency, for example - Senator Kennedy - saying again and again that the United States is second in space and the fact is that the score of space today is twenty-eight to eight - we have had twenty-eight successful shots, they have had eight; when he says that we are second in education, and I have seen Soviet education and I have seen ours, and we are not; that we are second in science because they can be ahead in one field or another, when on the whole we are well ahead of the Soviet Union and all the other countries in science; when he says, as he did in January of this year, that we have the worst slums, that we have the most overcrowded schools; when he says that seventeen million people go to bed hungry every night; when he makes statements like that, what does that do to American prestige? 
It is clear that we are both in the positions we are in because of our personal relations with our directors. 
I am concerned about America's leadership over the past four years. 
BALDI: Senator Kerry, the United States is preparing a new Iraqi government and will proceed with the withdrawal of American troops. 
I want to be quick to add that Senator Bob Dole provided critical bipartite support at the time. 
Everything was fine. 
There are hundreds of thousands of them. 
But with General Ridgway, Mr. Herter, General Collins, Admiral Spruance and many others, I think it is not wise to take the chance of being drawn into a war that could lead to a world war on two islands that are not strategically defensible, which, according to their testimony, are not essential to the defence of Formosa. 
The purpose of my work as a domestic mediator is to meet the needs of the children with whom I work, through their parents, and not the needs of their parents. 
You're gonna vote for the plan? 
And that is one of the challenges that America is facing. 
Now, whose fault is it? 
It has already fallen by 60%. 
I think we're all going to have to start working together to solve our problems. 
He says he learned to pair unemployment with inflation. 
We spend more on education because we spend so much more on colleges. 
If we do these things, then I think we can create a better school system. 
Because once again it has shown a lack of understanding of dictators, a lack of understanding especially of communists, because every time you make such a concession, it does not lead to peace; it only encourages them to blackmail you. 
But it's very important. 
He's a war criminal charged. 
CLINTON: And I've — well, not so long. 
RADDATZ: Can we talk -- let me go back to Libya. 
In 26 days, you and millions of Americans will choose two people to lead us into the future as president and vice president of the United States. 
HOLT: ...from your taxes — you are perfectly free to release your taxes during an audit. 
We never had anything like this in our elections. 
We -- as president, I'm going to sit on the first day -- actually, the day after my election -- I'm going to sit down with the leaders -- the democratic leaders, as well as the Republican leaders, and continue -- as we did in my state -- we met every Monday for a few hours, we talked about the issues and challenges in -- in our state in that case. 
Martha... RYAN: It would not arrive at the age of 70 before the year 2103 according to the actuaries. 
Decency. 
And what I've proposed, you'll hear Senator McCain say, well, he's proposing a whole series of new spending, but in fact, I'm cutting more than I'm spending to make it a net reduction in spending. 
We have literally spared no money to help the American people and the American worker overcome this situation. 
The hardest part of my job is to know that I have hurt the troops and to do my best to comfort the loved ones who have lost a son, daughter, husband or wife. 
They have too many employees. 
The reason is... RADDATZ: The army follows orders. 
But the point is, also, on oil drilling, offshore oil drilling is now vital so that we can close the gap. 
I want to move on, I want this nation to move forward. 
They are not in a position to do so and our future depends on it. 
And Iraq will be free, and America will be better for it. 
Governor Reagan. 
Quayle: -- question of scamping. 
The means are in question. 
We worked too hard to lower it. 
Mr. OBAMA: I don't think that's the case. 
Live our lives of faith or motivation with enthusiasm and enthusiasm, convince ourselves, dialogue with each other on important moral issues of the day... PENCE: Because there is... KAINE: ... but on fundamental issues of morality, we should let women make their own decisions. 
We do it for all the voters who are... (CROSSTALK)_BIDEN: I love it. 
We do our duty to provide funding. 
And now, they're probably gonna be a major power at some point pretty soon, the way they're going. 
You have to let small businesses have more incentives. 
I don't prefer abortion. 
Competition is too hard, the stakes are too high. 
This includes oil; it includes all kinds of minerals; it includes everything in the field of taxation. 
They have passed a package that allows us to be able to call PPP, the moneys supposed to help them do everything they do with the organization how they could deal with their businesses being safely opened. 
You argued for an intervention in Bosnia and Kosovo, first in Iraq and Pakistan and now in Darfur, putting American troops on the ground. 
Yet we lost the first war in Vietnam; we lost a push match in Angola. 
Alan Greenspan, who, in my opinion, has done an excellent job in monetary policy, supports the reduction of the President's taxes. 
We're already sending Americans to do the job, but fewer of them. 
And so we have to reverse that. 
And that's what I'm gonna do. 
We have simplified the structure of the court, set up administrative officers, set up a unified judicial system, and demanded that all severe sentences be reviewed in a very uniform manner. 
It's the same thing we heard -- remember, I appeared on "Meet the Press" with Tim Russert in 1990-something. 
They don't have the two years Jeremy has. 
I work with FBI Director Mueller; I come to my office when I'm in Washington every morning, talking about how to protect us. 
Think of their dreams. 
That was last August, a year ago. 
I am in favour of the declaration of taxpayers' rights. 
Let me ask you a quick question. 
And they're called. 
Attendez, Lester. 
He already has 3 trillion dollars, according to the Washington Post, of expenses that he put online from his congress and the promises of this campaign, none of which is paid. 
So I don't want anyone to think we just voted no, no, no. 
Thirdly, we need to lower interest rates, and we will develop a sound plan with Congress to reduce that deficit. 
I was in Jerusalem two years ago, actually three years ago, in August 2001, at the King David Hotel. We left in the morning, we went to the airport to leave, and later in the day, I discovered that the same day, not far from where we were, the Sbarro Pizzeria was hit by a suicide bomber in Jerusalem. Fifteen people were killed. Six children were killed. What is the Israeli people supposed to do? How can they continue to look at Israeli children killed by terrorists? 
I've had a lot of conversations with Sean Hannity in Fox. 
Even the Israeli army says it stopped. 
And I will succeed for these troops, now that we're here. 
Their hope is that we will get tired and leave. 
That is what we need to do in a global way. 
We convinced Libya to disarm. 
You know it can't be done. 
We have ideas in the Dole-Kemp campaign and we will save Medicare as we did social security. 
Over the past seven years, we have found enormous wealth under our feet. 
It now stands at five to seven billion dollars. 
That's where I think the future of the world is. 
If people say, well, he was elected to do that and then Congress says, okay, I'll do it. 
We note that schools extend the curriculum to compulsory mathematics and science education, and so on. 
- No, not at all. 
I assumed there would be a lot of those accusations and claims, and so... 
If we want to talk about the trips we made -- when I was running for office, the first trip I made was to visit our troops. 
It's important, Elaine. 
We didn't think about it properly. 
The other point I mean is our defense. 
Since the day I took down the escalator with our first lady, it was a disaster. 
If you are a commander-in-chief and the Americans are taken hostage, which will be more important to you, their individual fate or the commitment that the United States Government must never negotiate with terrorists. 
When he chose his deputy to the vice-chair, he chose a man who had voted against most of these proposals and who was currently opposed to them. 
And it has still not been submitted to Congress in the form of a law. 
I have proposed, as you know, a reduction to increase the personal exemption from seven hundred and fifty to one thousand dollars. 
They want to abolish fossil fuels and ban fracturing, which would cost hundreds of thousands of American jobs throughout Heartland. 
The others know we're after them. 
I worked with Senator Mitchell, who played me, I suppose, in the warming of the debate. 
And so what we see is a rather dramatic reversal in the kind of hopes we had for this region. 
Vaccine manufacturers fear prosecution and, as a result, they have given up providing this type of vaccine. 
And so, what I'm telling you is that sometimes in this world you make unpopular decisions because you think they're right. 
But I am so encouraged to know that we love Israel, and I think it's a good thing to get along, Senator Biden. 
IFILL: Welcome to you h.s. we've decided by a change of heart, the first question will go to Senator Biden, with a 90-second follow-up from Governor n. e House of Representatives this week has passed a bill, a large rescue bill -- or did not pass it, I must say. 
Instead, our aid went on to Batista, which was ineffective; we were never on the side of freedom; we never used our influence when we could have used it most effectively - and Cuba is now lost to freedom. 
We must ensure that they respect and respect communities. 
We want to take about 5% and return it to the U.S. taxpayer in the form of tax relief. 
And my whole life has been dedicated to equalizing the rules of the game for middle class people, giving them an equal break, treating Main Street and Wall Street the same, holding them to the same responsibility. 
We've heard that before, Hillary. 
In the camera. 
We have worked hard for peace and freedom. 
What steps would you take to give the Americans confidence in a vaccine if it were approved? 
Mr. Trump? 
TRUMP: You were in full contact with the White House, and perhaps, unfortunately, Obama probably still listened to you. 
It also has the advantage of enabling citizens to participate in the process. 
I know what a commitment to diversity means. 
So we have to do a lot, but we should start with a better safety net. 
I believe that if we find poor children trapped in schools that won't teach, we have to free parents. 
After September 11, I went to work with the Republican Mayor, the Governor and the President to rebuild New York and get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they ran into danger and became ill. 
But we will continue to try, we will keep the doors open, and hope that one day Iran and others who control these hostages will want to return to the civilized international community. 
And so prevent the war from happening first. 
And that's what Abraham Lincoln thought. 
We recognize that this country must live in balance with our environment. 
How strong are we going to be? 
That was his main recommendation. 
You know, last year until then, we lost 700,000 jobs in America. 
Mr. WELKER: Let me ask you some questions about your immigration policy, Mr. Vice-President. 
I will not put myself in this position of leader in this country. 
It's a good line. 
There are more resources we can develop in the United States. 
And so people, I'm gonna take care of this, I'm gonna end this, I'm gonna make sure we have a plan. 
And it seems to me that there is a problem there, Mr President. 
Less than four years ago. 
The Clear Skies bill that he just mentioned is one of those Orwellian names you're getting out of the sky, slapping him on something like "No Child Left Behind" but you're leaving millions of children behind. 
That's why I'm a great believer in the reform of medical responsibility. 
And it's stupid, guys, and the American people have had enough. 
And let me tell you what Barack asked me to do. 
They thwarted his efforts. 
And I will speak on the economic package. 
You can't add billions of dollars to our spending and not pay them. 
The vice-president himself went to China and said he sympathized and doubted their policy of forced abortions and sterilizations. 
Where will companies go to create jobs and do their best in business? 
It's a lot of jobs; it's a lot of new jobs. o I've tried to be very specific about what we can and should do, and I'm determined that we're going to move the economy again, building on the progress we've made over the last eight years, but never going back to what caused us trouble in the first place. 
These people are my mother and father -- the people I grew up with, my neighbors. 
We must ensure that our technological and intelligence capabilities are improved. 
They must ensure that they cooperate with us in the fight against terrorism. 
Let me do a few things very quickly, because you said you wanted details. 
And so yes, everyone is taxed too much and I want to lower taxes, but not by signing a bill that will increase taxes on people. 
Secretary Clinton, we have to... five million houses have been lost. 
We can't do it. 
I don't know Beau. 
Maverick is therefore not about the important and crucial issues that affect people at this kitchen table. 
And I think that immediately after the Republican Convention, there was a ten-point spread. 
I remember being in New York State talking to FBI agents who helped trap a cell in Lackawanna up there. 
We could also help our young people with certain proposals that would give young people the opportunity to work and learn at the same time as giving us money to young people who go to university. 
However, he does not want American leaders to send mixed signals, that they do not oppose the Iraqi people. 
Many will lose her. 
Not on their defence of a minority opinion on the right or left. 
You were wrong. 
Oh, there was occasional fire and sometimes artillery fire, but we did not engage in a conflict that was not in line with our mission. 
But when you're going to put someone else's son or daughter at war, I think you have to be a little careful and you have to be sure there's a military plan that can do it. 
So, what do you think of trying to write in a little more protection by getting laws governing these agencies? 
But the most important thing to ease the pressure on all the armed forces is to pursue a foreign policy that recognizes that America is the strongest when we work with real alliances, when we share the burden of the world by working through our government at the highest levels and our diplomacy to bring other nations to our side. 
John and I have -- and I don't have time now -- but we have a clear plan to improve our public schools that starts by getting our best teachers into schools where we need them most by creating incentives for them to go. 
They say with oil prices as low as they are right now, it's unrealistic, too. 
We won't threaten anyone. 
STOCKDALE: My association with Mr Perot is very personal and since I took a stand and finally took his position as a partner, he granted me total autonomy. 
And 30 seconds, Mr. GIBSON: [interpretation] 
And President Trump is not happy. 
We need a modern system to help seniors, and the idea of supporting a 132,000-page federal-controlled bureaucracy as a means of caring for seniors, and the only source of compassionate care for seniors is not my vision. 
It's true for any family. 
Yes, there are. 
He should be prosecuted, and anyone who commits this offence should be prosecuted. 
We saw our market loss of about 40%. 
I know how to win. 
The Soviets didn't want to talk. 
He cut it 60 percent. 
John claims he's understanding where the money will come from. 
There she is. 
I'd like to correct my opponent on the walk in the woods. 
Now, with regard to Bibi, who has been my friend for 39 years, the president has met Bibi a dozen times. 
And I would do everything I could to get there. 
President Carter, on the other hand, said that he would once again try to convince a Congress reluctant to ratify the current treaty on the grounds that it was the best we could hope to achieve. 
I think... MCCAIN: If we're going to have follow-ups, then I'm going to want follow-ups, too. 
QUESTION: It's Kerry, Kerry Ladka. 
I don't think our relative strength is increasing. 
The biggest failure we have had with regard to armed violence in some respects is what is known as Fast and Furious. 
And then to let people save in an IRA and withdraw from it without tax penalty for education, home purchase or medical expenses, it's the right way to go in the 21st century, balance the budget and reduce taxes, not balloon with this $550 billion tax regime. 
Mr Trump, allow me to follow up on this. 
There have been more disputes in his area where there is more volatility than any other place in the world. 
I'll get them together. 
The Trump plan would cost 3.5 million jobs. 
He didn't do much. 
Although Governor Reagan has recently changed his position, on four occasions he has advocated making social security a voluntary system that, in fact, would go bankrupt very quickly. 
The VA does that. 
We cannot be satisfied with what we have been doing for eight years. 
We have nothing to do with it. 
I can give you hundreds of -- you can probably give me 200 cases where a vote has made a difference. 
I met Bibi Netanyahu the other day. 
Governor Clinton, one minute, sir. 
If you had everything to do again, sir, which of these choices would you choose? 
They're talking about the increase in family income. 
I'm going to protect the worker by continuing to veto, and threaten by veto until we get this new Congress, and then we're going to move forward on our plan. 
That's not true. 
I guarantee you, if I spent $1 million on you Joe, I could find a lot of harm, because the kind of things you did and the kind of money your family took — I mean, your brother made money in Iraq, millions of dollars. 
And so I don't know the man well, but I was disappointed at the way he and his administration conducted the fund-raising business. 
And the presidential leadership that I want to provide in this area will reduce it, but we must control the Congress of Democrats. 
We now serve one million more families. 
Barack Obama said that all we do in Afghanistan is air reconnaissance villages and kill civilians. 
If you come from a family that is less than $125,000, you go to a public university for free. 
Now I have a plan to solve this problem and it has to do with energy independence. 
But we thought we could improve the country. 
I don't know, I was a little disappointed by Magic, because he came to see me and I said, "Now, if you see something we're not doing, get me, call me, let me know." He went to a meeting, and we heard he was retiring. 
I would never say that food is an element of a trade embargo. 
We have a question right here. 
I mean, everything I learned about the leadership I learned from a small chief officer. 
President Bush, your final statement, sir. 
They don't believe in free elections. 
I proposed a budget that would take ten years for the life of the Health Insurance Trust Fund. 
We're going to talk about immigration now, gentlemen, and we're going to talk about families in this context. 
I think they understand my commitment to helping them in the neighborhoods. 
BUSH: I believe in pluralism. 
This means that people should be free to enter into any kind of relationship they want to enter. 
We had great success in my own state. 
When they voted -- when they proposed to cut taxes, you voted against 126 times. 
And I don't want to do that. 
Number two, make sure they take into account our interests in the security of Israel, because he is a true friend and our greatest ally in the region. 
I voted in favour. 
I went to church regularly my whole life, and I started here in Washington. 
All they're looking for, Martha, is a chance. 
I have already made some progress that will allow the country to work quickly, some of which have been taken up here this evening - tax deduction for investment, reduction of capital gains, more on research and development, tax credit for first-time home buyers. 
Number two, investigate exactly what happened, wherever the facts lead us, to ensure that people are held accountable and that it doesn't happen again. 
I would tell you that – do not assume that what you see on your local information networks is synonymous with the American people. 
Perhaps in Idaho, to deal with the demands, the nuclear materials, for our Department of Defense? 
I don't know a perfect solution. 
KERRY: Well, two major national information networks have both said that the President's characterization of my health care plan is incorrect. 
Called James Watt an excellent secretary of the interior? 
Now he can't have it in both directions. 
Anything on the World Series? 
Mr. Perot says it's a bad deal. 
We have iris identification technology. 
And we estimate that we can reduce the average family premium by about $2,500 per year. 
We are going to be in a position where we are going to ensure that we take 4 million billion existing buildings and 2 million existing houses and renovate them so that they do not flee as much energy, saving hundreds of millions of barrels of oil in the process and creating a significant number of jobs. 
It is important for NATO to be strong and confident and to help maintain peace in Europe. 
This president rushed into the war, pushed away our allies. 
And you know why he has that account? The president obtained $84 from a timber company that owns, and it is counted as a small business. 
Frankly, I don't even know how good it can be politically. 
Senator Obama voted against. 
Second, in Texas as a whole, half of the school day was generally non-university activities -- in the same location, it was 35%. 
Mr. Perot? 
That's why the Patriot Act was important. 
And that's why we have a country with ten and a half million extra jobs, and a record number of new businesses, and rising incomes, and declining crime rates, and rates of social assistance turnover. 
I'd be interested to see if he'd say tonight that he'd put Medicare in a safe. 
This is also important, as we move forward in the next quarter, we want to be able to take what we have done for primary education and integrate it into secondary education. 
But just ask a question. 
This war is long and long, and it requires a firm determination, and it requires a full understanding that not only are we pursuing Al-Qaida, but we are disrupting terrorist shelters as well as those who could provide support to terrorists. 
Back up, put on your mask, put on a mask. 
They left: they fired 1,400 people. 
Senator, I want to pave the way for this discussion by asking the question that, in my opinion, clings to our entire policy today and is probably in the minds of many people watching this debate tonight. 
My friend in a recent speech in Washington said "30 percent of the American people are takers." 
And when I'm re-elected, I think one of the first things should be to put pressure on a new Congress that is not aware of the old ways of adopting financial reform legislation that modernises the banking system, does not put a lot of inhibitions on it, and protects depositors by maintaining the FDIC healthy. 
This will reduce costs. 
Two hundred thousand people are working today. 
We have two and a half million unemployed Americans now that we had when Mr. Ford took office. 
We must have the influence of China on Kim Jong Il, in addition to ourselves. 
The murders are up. 
And the result is interest charges that have never been seen before in terms of actual charges, and it is due to the deficit. 
If we assume a rate of growth in our economy, equivalent to what it was during President Johnson, President Kennedy, even before the Vietnam War, and if we assume that at the end of the four-year period we can reduce our unemployment rate to 4 to 4 and a half per cent - under these circumstances, even assuming that there is no elimination of unnecessary programs and assuming an increase in advertising - in the allocation of funds to fund programs, by increasing like the rate of inflation - my economic projections, I think, confirmed by the House - and the Senate committees, have been with the additional $60 billion that can be spent in fiscal year 81, which will be the last year of this next term. 
So these are the ways to restore the strength of our country, and they do not need long experience in foreign policy. 
We are once again reliable suppliers and I would never use food as a political tool as our predecessors did. 
No, they haven't spoken in two years. 
So, in my opinion, you need to increase investment, expand the economy and reduce the deficit by controlling health care costs, carefully reducing defence, reducing national programs, and asking Americans and the richest foreign companies to pay their fair share of taxes and to invest and develop this economy. 
And we think that China can be a partner, but we are also sending a very clear signal that America is a power of the Pacific; that we are going to be there. 
Mr. Nixon would add a guarantee to the islands five miles from the coast of the Republic of China when he never really protested against the Communists who seized Cuba, 90 miles from the coast of the United States. 
I want to do it, and it will show how successful this company is. 
I mean, the fact is that even if no state wants them, there are weapons in some schools. 
If my father was there, I would have the opportunity to tell him that he was right when he taught me that in America, if you have faith, work hard and play by the rules, there's nothing you can't achieve. 
I'm gonna do this to the state and do this to the state. 
And if we are going to find a permanent and fundamental response to that, it goes to the American economic and trade policies that allow these nations to have a chance to take their own feet and get prosperity, so that they can have jobs for themselves and their people. 
Not only would it threaten Israel, a country that is our slow ally, but it would also create an environment in which you could trigger an arms race in the Middle East. 
So we want to get rid of it. 
And they're n.d. I'll tell you this, Lester: That's not nice. 
And so part of the problem, I think, for a lot of people listening here tonight is that they don't feel like they're sharing the burden with other people. 
He also expressed the hope that there would be some understanding of the general situation in Berlin. 
I think it is correct to say that two years ago, when Mr Nixon - Mr Ford set up this amnesty, that three times more deserters were excused than those who escaped the project. 
The record should show, Mr. Newman, that the Census Bureau - we verified it yesterday - indicates that in the four years when Governor Carter was Governor of the State of Georgia, government spending increased by more than 50 per cent - the employees of the Government of Georgia during his term of office increased by more than 25 per cent; and the figures also show that the bonded debt of the State of Georgia during his term of office increased by more than 20 per cent. 
It was not my administration that imposed sanctions on Iran. 
Just tell us the truth. 
Vice President Bush, your rebuttal. 
Sometimes Mr. Mondale runs away. 
It'll help create jobs here. 
It's a great feeling of success. 
The "we" is you and me. 
That's because they lost their industry. 
The Responsible Federal Budget Committee estimates that your benefits could be reduced by $7,500 per year. 
They are devaluing their currency, and there is no one in our government to fight them. 
That's bullshit. 
We've seen the Federal Energy Agency, for example. 
Number one, we need to lower debt to lower interest rates so that the economy develops and people are employed. 
We need tougher sanctions. 
Mr.BENTSEN: Senator, I served with Jack Kennedy, I knew Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. 
Can we send... can we get Mom's MRI? 
First of all, it's not true that I didn't meet the Black Congress caucus. 
The trickle-down government never worked here, never worked anywhere. 
I believe in competition. 
We'll cut your taxes. 
It's a big thing for d.d. companies when these people are going to put billions and billions of dollars in businesses, and when they're going to bring back 2.5 trillion dollars from abroad, where they can't bring back the money, because politicians like Secretary Clinton aren't going to allow them to bring back the money, because taxes are so expensive, and bureaucratic red tape, so what's so bad. 
If you look and think, we now have in our most disadvantaged communities, 70% of our fourth-year students cannot read at the basic level of understanding. 
This is just another example of how Russia does not reset. 
It's going to be a little harder because we're talking about very complex and difficult issues. 
My friends, do we have to spend that kind of money? 
Now, the basic rules for tonight's debate. 
SIMPSON: And I think the first question is here. 
If they called us in Portland, we'd turn that fire off in half an hour. 
The minimum wage is the lowest minimum wage he has been in our country in 50 years. 
QUAYLE: -- because he obviously doesn't want to talk about health insurance or health care, which you're referring to. 
Over the past five years, the Texas government has grown in size. 
We'll do it. 
I remember being in a high school in my own state when we were organizing something we call the Governor's Alliance Against Drugs, and a 16-year-old girl coming to me, desperate, addicted, dependent, saying, Governor, I need help. 
Let's try this. 
He never apologizes or says he's sorry for anything. 
Renee Proval (ph) is probably better than it was four years ago. 
I believe in the local control of governments, and of course they do not need a consequence at the federal level. 
(Boos and applause) SHAW: I will say this and I will say it once to each person in this auditorium: what about these candidates is of the utmost seriousness for the American voters; they should be heard and you should be silent. 
And I think that's a good thing. 
I was governor of a great state. 
I think we have a responsibility to take care of each other. 
The government is bigger than when President Kennedy was there, even though he says that's not the case. 
And we have a man who knows how to fix this, and I work for him. 
But the final result was that it worked. 
This is because young people could be able to obtain health insurance for $5,000, young people and healthy people. 
I have to go to Wilmington. 
RADDATZ: Let's move on to another war, the civil war in Syria, where there are estimates that more than -- estimates that more than 25,000, 30,000 people have now been killed. 
I don't want our military to be involved in Syria. 
Our association and ties with our allies are essential to America's strength. 
Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: We will have secure borders, but we will also have reforms. 
We need to make sure our elders get the promise they made. 
Everybody knows... 
We're not going to give it all in one big tax cut and certainly not to the 1% of the public that doesn't need it right now. 
What about the military equipment for the mainland Chinese? 
Yet his 1980 economic message indicated that we were going to reduce productivity and gross national product and increase unemployment in order to control inflation, because in January, at the beginning of the year, it was over 18%. 
We have them every day. 
PENCE: To that- If I may say, this Rose Garden event, there has been a lot of speculation about it. 
She received it from the United States Congress. 
And -- and I just -- so I just have to point out that the Bush administration, some of Senator McCain's advisors all think it's important, and Senator McCain seems resilient. 
Hillary and I want a two-party reform that will make the maintenance of families the main objective, second, that will help focus enforcement efforts on those who are violent, third, that will make more border control, and fourth, that will provide a path to citizenship for those who work hard, pay taxes, play by the rules, and take criminal history s.t. Our proposal. 
They saved the life of the President of the United States. 
That is why everything I will do is designed to help small businesses grow and create jobs. 
That's our vision of America. 
- I don't know. 
TRUMP: Well, first of all, these stories have been largely confused. 
And that means, for example, defending human rights. 
John McCain said that Sunnis and Shiites were getting along without reading the history of the last 700 years. 
But what we also want is to make sure that we don't project weakness abroad, and that's what's happening here. 
And fortunately, he failed. 
You can't have voluntary tests. 
You said before you cut the deficit in half. 
Did you... suffer because of that? 
Perhaps more importantly, the country's overall and underlying inflation rate has increased from 7 per cent to 9 per cent. 
Or did they happen while you were a senior federal government official? 
I have voted over the last eight years, and the Vice-Chair chaired the Senate and assumed his other responsibilities. 
Governor? 
I think they are better, all of us, than we have lowered interest rates and the deficit. 
That's a huge problem. 
Being given by the president on tax liability is a bit like Tony Soprano telling me about the law and order in this country. 
There will be three debates between the candidates for the presidency and one between the candidates for the vice-presidency. 
We have restored democracy in Haiti, barely a shot was fired. 
We have a debt of four trillion dollars, and only in America would you finance seventy percent of it five years or less. 
And that's part of this liberal establishment, one of those liberal things you can't do. 
Second, I don't have a litmus test. 
And you want to increase regulations and make them even worse.I'm going to reduce regulations. 
I want to give older people who are, well, very old people, I don't like this term because I'm pretty much in this category, but those 55 to 65 should be able to buy in health insurance for premiums that are reasonable, fair and far below what they need now. 
I would be prepared to continue to increase the payment for the shipment of goods through the Panama Canal area. 
We have just called for a consolidation of energy responsibilities this week. 
We got rid of values and fundamentals. 
He could leave the parties in doubt as to which one he would use; and therefore there would be incentives, instead of as now - the steel companies were prepared to take the strike because they thought that the eighty-day injunction would break the union, which did not happen. 
This is the only sacred obligation we have. 
Middle class people need help. 
I'm not saying that. 
I think it is a matter of such importance for national security that it should be left to the commander-in-chief, the chiefs of the army, the Secretary of State to make such a decision without the warmth of a political campaign. 
There is a special protocol for conducting inspections. 
It's a disaster, but there... TRUMP: ...it's a mess. 
DUKAKIS: Well, Andrea, we just got another example of why vice president mathematics doesn't add up. 
All right, gentlemen, Mr. WALLACE: 
For sanctions to be effective, we should have worked with the British, the French, the Germans and other countries. 
He doesn't even have a choice. 
In Iran, you had a government that held an American embassy; the government sanctioned the acquisition of that embassy by these students; the government was negotiating with the U.S. government for their release. 
This administration, entering the Star Wars system, will add another dangerous escalation. 
That's where we are. 
But yes, prayer at school on a voluntary basis worked for many years, until the Supreme Court ruled differently and I am glad that we had this question because I think there was too much to say about religion and politics. 
We're going to deal with our problems, we're going to solve our problems. 
This shouldn't happen in America. 
And so I refuse to measure someone's commitment as to whether you're going to double the expenses. 
And as I said about four months ago, I read at the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a large terrorist division. 
And there's one going on right now, which we don't know. 
And America is safer, our allies are safer, and the American people should know -- 
Do you see them as a competitor? 
And they also said the opposite. 
I want a good relationship with China. 
Let's welcome the candidates now. 
Brit ? 
You asked why we'd change. 
Governor Reagan - Arms Control: The President said this was the most important issue. 
We should support the laws that the United States has enacted to protect us from those that will destroy us from the inside. 
People care about those things I found out. 
And I'm convinced now, more than I was when I got the appointment, that Walter Mondale was the right choice, and I think it's a good indication of the kind of people I would choose in the future. 
He didn't do all these things. 
Show me a policy. 
Bush doesn't support it. 
What I believe is that we must do so, as the President said towards the end of his remarks, that is, make enormous efforts to enforce the firearms laws we have, and to change the culture of violence we have. 
And we're gonna stay engaged, as long as I'm president, to make things better. 
But policies and proposals must also speak for themselves. 
Now, as you have probably noticed, the four journalists include a journalist and a magazine journalist; these two are chosen by lot by the press secretaries of the candidates from among the journalists travelling with the candidates. 
You know, we plant a billion trees – the project of billion trees – and it's very exciting for many people. 
It was an energy bill in the Senate dealing with goodies, billions for oil companies, and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney. 
Productivity in this country is up, it is up - productivity is up. 
Amiral. 
So we're going to have to tell the American people that spending is going to have to be reduced in America. 
It's terribly important. 
Whatever you call it, the result is that people will have to pay more money from their pocket and the families I know and the families I come from, they don't have the money to pay more... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: That's why we say more for low-income people and less for high-income people. 
My question for both of you is, on the basis of what you have said and done so far, and what you said you would do from 2021, why should the American people trust you more than your opponent to face this public health crisis going forward? 
He's wrong. 
He told them about the Poor Boys, the last time we were on stage here. 
We need to explore our resources and develop our national production tanks. 
Try to scare people in the voting booth. 
The next question will be asked by Peter Jennings. 
I think we will have to work to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
The means are at stake. 
CMCain: Well, you know, nailing Senator Obama's various tax proposals is like nailing Jell-O to the wall. 
This will probably have to be done by a commission. 
That's right. 
And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. 
It's a scam problem. 
9 Nobel Prize-winning economists and 500 others, including many Republican and Democratic business leaders, have endorsed this approach because it offers the best hope of putting America back to work and increasing our incomes instead of falling. 
Now, let me say this, this is absolutely the case... TRUMP: There is nothing crazy not to let our companies bring their money back to their country. 
I have done a reform of criminal justice, prison reform and areas of opportunity. 
Under Secretary Clinton's leadership, she was part of the national team, the public security team that pursued and revived the dormant hunt against Bin Laden and wiped her from the face of the Earth. 
In addition, we have seen a 2 per cent increase in the number of employees over the past year. 
I care if it's going to work for America and if it's going to make us stronger. 
Mr President, in 1980 you promised the American people - in your campaign - a balanced budget in 1983. 
That's what economists tell us. 
She called for an increase in energy production in the United States. 
And their idea was that they knew what was best for the American people. 
It's not naive, it's dangerous. 
All you have to do is talk to them. 
And God bless the United States of America. 
It was the evaluation. 
This is the largest public health crisis, the most important public health emergency we have had in our lives, and I think there are a number of things we need to do, including supporting legislation that is now going through Congress, which will commit this nation to finding resources to find a cure that will provide extensive education and prevention, which will provide sensitive and caring treatment for AIDS victims. 
We should take the lead, not on the ground with the military. 
We are closing the loophole for American workers to subsidize the loss of their own jobs. 
Secretary Kissinger, at his meeting with Prime Minister Smith of Rhodesia, was able to convince him that it was in the interest of the Whites and Blacks of Rhodesia to find a response to a transitional government and then a majority government. 
And the best way for health care is to do what we have done in my state: to draw up a plan at the state level that meets the needs of the state. 
And I said, "The only bad part about it is that I could never see you again, because I became very friendly with them and they love me and I love them. 
I look at these years as the beginning of wisdom, learning all that a man can learn about the vulnerabilities and forces that are ours as Americans. 
You know how Barack Obama -- excuse me, do you know how John McCain pays for his $5,000 tax credit you're going to get, a family is going to get? 
We also increased the amount of each Pell grant. 
That wasn't one of my announcements either, Governor. 
Cocaine consumes more than 160 percent. 
He said it was a policy that led to defeat and retirement. 
Was that really appropriate in the middle of the crisis? 
Are you in favour of this plan? 
We'll do the follow-up. 
And it now ends this term without any progress towards arms control, but with a very dangerous arms race going on instead. 
Then he says he's gonna change the interest rate situation and we're gonna have more money like that. 
Are we gonna get this when it doesn't help the farmers? 
Senator Obama has never dealt with his party leaders on a single major issue. 
If they know that they will help to make decisions and will not be excluded from being a party involved in the national objective. 
You both proposed new plans this week to deal with the economic crisis. 
The next question is from Harry Ellis to President Carter. 
We have so many things we need to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them. 
Our nation has problems and it is terrible for me that with 10 million unemployed Americans, with the rest working harder for less money than four years ago, with the loss of 1.4 million manufacturing jobs in our country, with the crisis of health care, a crisis of crime and drugs and AIDS, an education of inferior quality, that George Bush would constantly try to level personal attacks against his opponent. 
But we provide health care to our people. 
It is too much to hope that this will continue, but I hope that it will continue. 
Everything he can do... 
And the president just goes through this problem. 
I mean, we agree with that. 
That is the argument between Mr Nixon and me, and on this issue the American people must make their judgment and I think it is an important judgment. 
But what I am not for what I am not for is to measure it as the Democratic Congress does. 
It is not necessary to crush America to build it. 
The next day, his spokesperson, Marlin Fitzwater, went out and said it wasn't a pledge. 
Just before joining Senator Dole on the ticket, he said that the plan -- the part of the plan that increases taxes on 9 million of America's toughest families was inconceivable, which means it's wrong and shouldn't happen. 
And it's going to take all nations together, just like when we got together, we pretty much solved the whole problem of embezzlement some time ago. 
TRUMP: He said very strongly, "The masks aren't good." Then he changed his mind. 
We won't have a project until I'm the president. 
MODERATOR: Does that solve it for you? 
And I would like to thank the Commission and the University of Utah for hosting this event. 
And so that's unacceptable. 
There are as many people today driving their children to soccer training and/or black and white and Hispanic in the same car as there have been any time in the past. 
You will determine the outcome of this election. 
Russia and its republics are out of control or, at best, under weak control at the moment. 
It's because he gave his time, and he always did. 
The key to success in Afghanistan was, once again, to go after the terrorists, what we did, and also to overthrow the Taliban regime that allowed them to operate there, in fact sponsors, if you wish, of the Al-Qaida organization. 
And that would certainly not help us in the Middle East. 
We have the ability and the will to deploy forces if we have to, to undertake military operations to help our friends and oppose our enemies. 
So we have to do two things, as I said. 
So I just want to try to fix it as it goes. 
There are also many Americans who face challenges. 
I served a hospital administration. 
It may be necessary for us to start testing again. 
How would you check such an agreement and make sure the Soviets don't cheat? 
No one has yet addressed the real issue of saving and lending -- no one has any business experience, I guess. 
We've been through this before. 
Quick, Vice President Biden on this. 
So, let me tell you first, the day I received Joe Biden's call, it was actually a Zoom call, asking me to serve with him on this post was probably one of the most memorable and memorable days of my life. 
And many Republicans and independents said the same thing. 
They want to demolish buildings and build new buildings with small windows and many other things. 
Now, on the issue of aid to Pakistan, if you're targeting a weapon on someone, George Shultz, our great Secretary of State, once told me that you'd better be ready to pull the trigger. 
That's right. 
And we must stop the violence. 
PENCE: That's probably the difference between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Senator Kaine. 
Yes, I want to reduce our deficit by reducing the spending we don't need, but also by asking the rich to do a little more so that we can invest in things like research and technology that are the key to a 21st century economy. 
Americans need to worry about whether Donald Trump will watch over America's outcome or its own outcome. 
As far as Indochina is concerned, I have repeatedly said that it was essential during this period that the United States clearly indicate that we would not tolerate Indochina falling under communist domination. 
And -- and I know we can reprocess spent nuclear fuel. 
Since there will also be a second debate between the two presidential candidates, tonight will focus mainly on the economy and other domestic issues. 
To negotiate with the Soviet Union a balanced, controlled, observable and then reduced atomic weaponry, there is a disturbing pattern in Governor Reagan's attitude. 
At the same time as my tax system has already reduced taxes for 98 percent of families, I have also reduced taxes for small businesses 18 times. 
She was lucky enough to do something with Syria. 
I was at a sub-housing -- a housing project in San Francisco several months ago and I met people trying to get their neighborhood back. 
There's no plan there. 
And so my principles on which I make decisions are part of me, and religion is part of me. 
Thus, choice and competition between schools is one of the key elements that have already been proven in places like New Orleans and the city of New York and other places, where we have charter schools, where we take good teachers and reward and promote them. 
I wanted to make it more effective. 
You said you wanted to... 
But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. 
And if Israel is attacked, we have their backs, not only diplomatically, not only culturally, but militarily. 
There is no way for our people to understand what their government is. 
I thought I caught it, sir. 
I'll keep my word for you. 
I trust him too much. 
It's much better for a person sitting at the White House who has a number of options to make sure that the other side, so to speak, doesn't know exactly what you're going to do. 
And over the next four years, it will be the policies of this administration. 
I'd like to be that leader with your support. 
We have a higher unemployment rate in this country than Britain and West Germany. 
They come here to work. 
That's not true. 
Put a fake head on us. 
And if you just add the numbers, he still hasn't denied it, he spends more money for a tax reduction for the richest 1% than all his new proposals for prescription drugs, health care, education, and national defense combined. 
They produce the most jobs. 
Ann Compton for the government. 
Back to the old economy high interest rates, high inflation and old high unemployment policy. 
Both are long-time civil servants who are also proud fathers of sons serving in the United States. Campaigns have accepted the rules of this 90-minute debate. 
And it's really remarkable that as a former prosecutor, you assumed that in a grand jury, looking at all the evidence, you're wrong. 
Well? 
We want the government to pinch their money for a change instead of people pinching their money. 
What the hell is going on? 
That's why I'll have a settlement. 
Who denied security and why? 
I think you can see that. 
But, Governor Pence, I... PENCE: And I agree with that decision. 
And one of the areas, of course, is to eliminate our dependence on foreign oil. 
I did so in moderation, with care, with thought, sometimes by consulting experts. 
We have given entire industries. 
Did he make a mistake or did he just tell the truth? 
This kind of confusion and lack of leadership has allowed us to drift for the past two years with an increasing threat of atomic weapons worldwide. 
We have good orders, and the CIA, DIA and NASA are now doing good work under proper supervision. 
(Laughs and applause) And you know what? 
I went and volunteered, and I went to Vietnam. 
So what's the answer? 
But I will return to the economic package because, once again, I think it is very important. 
That's why they're talking about the state of Massachusetts like Taxachusetts. 
BRUNO: Senator, can we stick to the cities, sir? 
We saw them drive 220,000 farmers out of the farm. 
But he will take a president who has committed himself to housing, who has had experience in building and rehabilitating housing that understands that affordable housing for low-income and moderate-income families, for young families, first-time homebuyers, is an essential part of the American dream. 
I don't blame them. 
We have children who don't have medical coverage. 
An economy with 50% of university graduates who cannot find a job, or a college job, is not what we have to have. 
Senator McCain is quite right, we cannot tolerate a nuclear Iran. 
Can we simply be clear — Hillary and I will enforce immigration and we will verify refugees on the basis of whether they are dangerous or not. 
[Applause] I'm going to publish my tax returns. 
Go to his website. 
Forgive me? 
Hon.LeHRER: Mr.Speaker, Senator Dole has come here in recent days to accuse you of lying about his position on health insurance reform. 
It's an administration that doesn't have a plan. 
But when Joe McCarthy went around this country to attack people's patriotism, he was wrong. 
So we have to control it and there is one last point I would like to make. 
He would do for the United States what he did to Arkansas. 
Forty-nine percent increase in funding for primary and secondary education under No Child Left Behind; it is a lot of money even according to Massachusetts standards. 
And by using this money, we were actually able to reduce prescription drug costs for seniors by an average of $600, and we were also able to make one -- make a significant infirmity by providing them with the kind of preventive care that will eventually save money by -- throughout the system. 
Millions of people have lost their jobs. 
(LAUGHTER) LEHRER: I'm just determined to get you to talk. 
If you think that everything that is done today is satisfactory, that the relative power, prestige and strength of the United States are increasing compared to that of the Communists; that we have gained more security, that we are reaching everything as a nation that we should achieve, that we are achieving a better life for our citizens and a greater strength, then I agree. 
It is true, as you said, that you originally requested an exemption for social security COLA in this association vote of national governors. 
But again, we found people who, under the previous administration, families with no income limits were still eligible for low-interest college loans. 
Where are the papers? 
If you could accept a little criticism, I've been across central Illinois and talking about agricultural issues, about seven stops. 
Ninety percent of the costs come out of your pockets. 
We allow you -- if you choose, you don't need it -- but we're giving you wider competition to buy in the same health care plan as senators and members of Congress give themselves. 
Because it's after the election. 
We need all the talent we can get. 
We had 536 ships. 
There are no opening statements, but there will be two minutes of concluding statements. 
In the west, yes. 
I know something about that. 
And during this period, about 3,000 young children started smoking every day. 
Can you tell us which companies? 
But we need to reform the government. 
On the question of the economy, I think there could be no more fundamental difference between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. 
It doesn't make sense. 
QUAYLE: There are a lot of experiences that I've had that have shaped my adult philosophy, but the one that I keep coming back many times - and I'm talking about that at the starting addresses, I'm talking about that in secondary schools. 
And by the way, in terms of the whole notion of a vaccine, we're for a vaccine, but I don't trust it at all. 
But it's already the law and it doesn't help millions of people with pre-existing conditions. 
I happen to be pro-life. 
That is what we should do in public life. 
Now I also like green energy, but it's worth about 50 years of what oil and gas get. 
Military security and economic security therefore go hand in hand. 
I do not see this, moreover, as a democrat or a republican or a liberal or conservative idea. 
But you make a very good point, which is that the place where you put your money makes just a fairly clear indication of where your heart is. 
You know, we still don't have a list that everyone can work to see if terrorists are entering this country. 
Mr. Vice President, you suggested supporting the new closures if the scientists recommended it. 
They think they're hurting us by keeping them closed. 
We will now turn to foreign affairs and begin the interrogation with Mr. 
Mr Cater, of course, it is a criticism that has been made. 
They'll know if we've used these weapons or not. 
It's gonna be hard to punish them worse after they've been killed. 
I firmly believe that we should do so in Formosa and I believe that we should honour our commitments to all the countries we have guaranteed security. 
Now I won't allow anyone to enter and change Roe v. Wade. 
HEARING_QUESTION: My question originally concerned Governor Clinton, but I think I would like to receive an answer from the three candidates. 
I think law-abiding citizens should be allowed to protect themselves and their families. 
Thanks, Bernie. 
You see, we have a conflicting relationship between government and business. 
Now, we think the government takes 28 percent of the income of a family and a business is enough. 
TRUMP: ... left and right. 
GORE: Well, wait -- 
Number two, let's help families right away by providing them with a tax reduction -- a middle class tax reduction for people who earn less than $200,000, and let's give them access to their IRA accounts without penalty in the event of a crisis. 
I'm thinking about what they did for my own family. 
I do not agree with the fact that we need 150,000 soldiers to fulfil our role in Europe. 
Let me go back to the emergency troops we put in there. 
Why is it on the ballot paper? 
Once again, Mr. Kemp opposed it and called it an irrescient. 
Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: But the price of coal is falling all over the world. 
And that same strategy will be used in Afghanistan by this great general. 
(Laughter) Let's move on to the economy. 
We could, very quickly 
I think we should measure a lot, three, four, five, six, seven, eighth year. 
I do not think we should have compulsory arbitration or seizure. 
But the president underfunded him by $28 billion. 
Secretary Clinton, you can answer. 
He said the other night in his closing words in Richmond that one of the key things he believes the American people should decide between -- of the three of you is the one they want in charge if this country comes to a crisis. 
What do you think is the biggest misperception the American people have about you as a man and a candidate? 
They viewed their service as an opportunity to serve their country. 
We would say: "Come back in two years, three years — we will give you a trial. 
All you have to do is take a look at the Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. 
And she can say anything she wants on college courses. 
Well, thank you, Tom. 
My concerns about the honourable senator are that, during this campaign, I listened very carefully to what he is saying and that he is changing his position on the war in Iraq. 
But diplomacy is hard work on the part of serious people. 
WALLACE: Vice-President 
It's not as big as yours, so it doesn't take that long. 
There are some advantages to experience, knowledge and judgment. 
They took them off. 
It's not the length of your resume. 
And probably eliminated faster than our plan, but we wanted to be so conservative with him, that people would see how. 
We've had four years and there's no business area. 
If we do not solve this problem, all the others will become useless. 
Vice President BUSH: And the cynics abounded. 
We had our own laws. 
Do you agree with that, Iraq's lesson? 
Four Americans died, including an American ambassador. 
Look how much we pay now to deal with hurricanes, with, face. 
Tell the truth. 
I can't tell you how lucky I am. 
iPad, Macs, iPhones, they're all made in China. 
When the original treaty was signed in the early 1900s, when Theodore Roosevelt was president, Panama retained sovereignty over the Panama Canal area. 
Why do we start things that we know the Soviets will match us and make us all less sure? 
They tried to undo them. 
We said, "Peace by force", and it worked and the cold war is over. 
Not only was an innocent person executed, but the actual perpetrator of the crime was not held responsible. 
I therefore agree that we must speak responsibly and act responsibly. 
I've had the opportunity in recent years to meet people across the country. 
Not at all because they are determined men. 
And we will not let anyone subvert our democracy, with what Donald Trump did as he did on the stage of the debate last week, while in front of 70 million people, he openly tried to delete the vote. 
And now is the time for the government to understand and cooperate with our people. 
Fred, your second question. 
WELKER: All right, we have one last question — 
Secretary Clinton, it's... TRUMP: Iran takes control of Iraq. 
Eight countries left her. 
I'm never going anywhere, it seems, where I don't meet someone who's benefited from a family leave law. 
OBAMA: Well, look, I understand your frustration and cynicism, because while you're fulfilling your responsibilities -- most people here, you have a family budget. 
They were in polar opposition at the Supreme Court of the United States – a very liberal, a very conservative. 
I did a lot of that while you were Secretary of State, actually. 
My State has just become the only state in the nation to provide universal health care and we have done so with the support of the business and labour world and the health care community and with almost everyone in the state. 
If a president does not intervene and bring people in and is not inclusive, then how are we going to overcome these obstacles? 
We anticipate managed competition, not government models, in each state, and we control the costs of private and public health care. 
I will not sacrifice tens of millions of jobs, thousands and thousands of businesses because of the Paris Agreement. 
It's his trustees, the president's trustees, not mine, who say it's gonna be broken. 
I was there for a while before I left on June 11. 
(Extended cry and applause) What should be done in a situation like this is to call in the - WOODRUF: Please, please, once again, you do take the time of your own candidate. 
I'm offering $2 billion. 
We are supposed to operate under a United Nations resolution. 
It's just something else than taking a position where you know it's better for you. 
No, Mr. Kraft, we are spending very large sums now, about $200 billion a year, almost 50 per cent of our total federal spending on human needs by the federal government at this time. 
He said he was going to lower the tax rates. 
And most importantly, we give small businesses a 50 per cent tax credit so that after reducing the costs of health care, they also get, whether they are self-employed or a small business, a lower cost to be able to cover their employees. 
And we will continue to do so so that we can control them. 
He tried to stop him from coming to my office. 
The governor won't put Medicare in a safe. 
I get it. 
The police said they identified themselves. 
I think it's a cynicism in Washington and it doesn't need to be like that. 
The fact that he only has to pay 14 percent of his taxes when many of you pay much more. 
You both have plans for social security reform, so that we can spend the rest of the evening and two or three more evenings discussing it in detail. 
That's the problem. 
Twenty-three million Americans are fighting for work today. 
I think that, technically, I know that this is a difficult and emotional problem, and many people feel sincerely on both sides of it, but I think we might find the answer by medical evidence, if we decide once and for all, is it a child born a human being? 
There is no way that the recovery was even across the country, just as in the depths of the recession, there were parts of the country that were worse, but some that did not even feel the pain of the recession. 
I don't believe, like the vice-president, in a great government. 
And we saw this president turn away from some of the treaties that were on the table. 
There are 357,000 good jobs -- manufacturing jobs, which are lost. 
Thank you, senator, I...KAINE: These guys praised Vladimir Putin as a great leader. 
Look at the index of misery when the Democrats had both the White House and Congress. 
The concern about Iraq has been particularly focused on the fact that Saddam Hussein has been on the list of sponsors of terror for years, that he has established relations with Abu Nidal, who was operating in Baghdad, that he has paid $25,000 to the families of suicide bombers, and that he has established relations with Al-Qaida. 
When our government asked me to do the POW project, in less than a year, the Vietnamese had sent people to Canada to make arrangements for my family and myself to be killed. 
Here's something that'll help. 
RADDATZ: How about humanitarian interests? 
Social security had to go bankrupt before 1983. 
FERRARO: I think they have a legitimate role to play in gathering information. 
By reversing the order at their first sitting, Senator Kennedy will make the second opening statement and the first closing statement. 
He wasn't a maverick in the war. 
But do you know why Pell grants have increased in numbers? 
I believe it. 
NATO is outdated, and we will only work with Israel if they pay a big league.Thirdly, it loves dictators. 
But we need to have leadership -- leadership in Washington that will bring people together and do the job and couldn't care less if -- if it's a Republican or a Democrat. 
Middle-income Americans saw their income decrease by $4,300. 
Good evening, Governor, Mr. Vice President. 
Love your neighbor as you would like to be loved yourself. 
REAGAN: Indeed, he was on this side for almost all of his years in the Senate. 
My question, sir, what is the Trump health plan? 
They don't lose 2%, 1%, which is too much. 
He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he doesn't have a n. o we need to be more precise in the way we talk about these issues. 
You're saying you're not ready to commit to this principle? 
I had to go to the situation room. 
Now it's -- SHAW: Your time is up, senator. 
And finally and more dangerously, Donald Trump believes — Donald Trump believes that the world will be safer if more nations have nuclear weapons. 
Senator Biden. 
He kept saying that it's really amazing what George Bush can do when he focuses. 
KAINE: But I just mean, those who say we shouldn't... PENCE: But that's not what you're talking about. 
I saw him do it in Texas. 
DOLE: Well, one thing I did was to oppose the government's assumption of health care that President Clinton offered in 1993, which created 17 new taxes and 50 new bureaucracies and price controls, because we were afraid that what you mentioned would happen. 
You cannot rule this great country by deceiving the people. 
Mr. Bush is trying to run against Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and everyone but me in this race. 
I'll go back to that... (LAUGHTER) IFILL: ... throughout the evening to try to see if we can look to the future, as well. 
That is why we voted in favour of the resolution. 
Tell the American people, but this man said, "I'm going to get you a million dollars a day in pro bono advertising," something that is very difficult for the government to do. He went out and he did, and people start to educate through this program, teaching these kids that you shouldn't use drugs. 
TRUMP: I was against — I was against the war in Iraq. 
And these are the things you need to think about. 
But I think one of the areas in which we agree is the importance of parents and the importance of schools, because I believe that if our young people have opportunities, they are less likely to engage in such violent acts. 
Of course, you need to know where you're going with your government, but character is the big variable in success. 
I think it can only be anticipation or hope... 
First, we can do so through the African Union, providing them with logistical support. 
Because if you lower prices, it's easier for small businesses to keep more of their capital and hire people. 
Under my plan, I will significantly reduce taxes, from 35% to 15% for businesses, small and large businesses. 
In what order would you put them in terms of priorities? 
Indeed, we had to borrow $17 billion to pay the cheques. 
The fact is that the next president of the United States will have to go to the White House seriously, he will have to work with Congress seriously, he cannot turn to Congress and blame them for the fact that we do not have a balanced budget and we have billions and billions of dollars in red ink. 
Well, we can go to the closing statements. 
That's what every family is talking about when it comes to defending disabled children. 
DUKAKIS: And I agree that integrity is not a republican or democratic problem; it is an American problem. 
And they also decided who they want to see become president of the United States, too, and it's not me. 
And by the way, the unit was coming. 
I hope, as President, that I have gained your trust. 
WOODRUFF: Senator Bentsen. 
And I think we will be able to get a cure that has alluded to everyone because we know how to do it. 
The Atomic Energy Commission reported that the Russians may have resumed testing of nuclear devices. 
The communists say, "Come with us, look what we've done." And we have been on the whole, interestless. 
It was a terrorist attack. 
I have recently been approved — 16 500 border guards n.o. when Secretary Clinton will talk about it, I mean, I will take the admirals and I will take the generals anytime on the political hacks that I see that have led our country so brilliantly over the last 10 years with their knowledge. 
I think I should also add that with respect to Senator Kennedy's proposals, if he intends to implement his platform - the one adopted in Los Angeles - it is simply impossible for him to deliver on those promises without increasing taxes or having a rise in t- or both prices. 
Oh, it's a joke. 
Full funding for the Head Start program would cost about $5 billion more. 
SIMPSON: The fact that homicide is the leading cause of death among young black men aged 15-24. 
Go back to the files. 
Most of the things you said, he never said. 
Let me tell you a little story. 
Ten million citizens have registered to vote. 
After indicating your positions in these two and a half minutes, each of you will have a minute and 15 seconds for the answer. 
Allons-y. 
But let me remind you that my family suffered from drug abuse. 
Dukakis ferait - Gov. 
Margaret Warner for Gov Dukakis. 
He knew that, however, he got all the guys in Congress and the Republican Party women to vote for her. 
But I have a lot of experience to do things. 
I ask for your vote. 
What the doctors are talking about is very serious. 
In other words, trade with other countries. 
They can't have an election right now. 
I think we should be stronger than we are now. 
When they will increase your taxes no one runs around asking people where you're going to get the extra money. 
I see this as a security problem, I see it as an economic problem, and I see it as a human rights problem. 
He has four times as many deficits as Mr. Nixon himself. 
PENCE: But for me, I would tell you that for me the holiness of life stems from the belief that — this ancient principle that — where God says before you were formed in the womb, I knew you, and therefore for the first time in public life, I sought to remain with great compassion for the holiness of e. e. the state of Indiana also sought to ensure that we expand the alternatives in the health care council for women, the non-abortion alternatives. 
That's what he wants. 
OBAMA: It just reminds me, you know, that he's saying he's gonna close the deductions and loopholes for his tax plan. 
You'll need a microphone. 
And the role of leadership in promoting the principles of peace has fallen to the United States. 
President Trump and I will continue to develop America. 
China may have it in 1963, in Egypt. 
We have to change that. 
Whether or not he is willing to diplomatically support the forces of freedom and democracy in the Eastern European region. 
Let me once again talk about tax reductions. 
He didn't. 
(LAUGHTER) But, look, my philosophy has been, I'm going to take ideas from anyone, Democrat or Republican, as long as they advance the cause of making middle class families stronger and giving opportunity scales to the middle class. 
We must become independent of energy for this reason. 
And now that energy prices are high, I guess he's not advocating these big energy taxes right now. 
And frankly, some of them give their lives. 
And I could tell how much it bothered him and bothered him that it was bragging and used against him. 
I will make some news in the third debate. 
We did. 
(Applause) BUSH: But you know, Lloyd Bentsen jumped on Dan Quayle, when Dan Quayle said, he had about the same amount of experience. 
I'm interested in kids. 
Earlier today, each of them wrote a question on a small card like this. 
CLINTON: I've had more people who told me about their health problems than anything else, all over America -- you know, people who lost their jobs, lost their businesses, had to give up their jobs because of sick children. 
PENSION: Please – 
M. Barnes, prochaine question. 
I'd love for you to take a look. 
New subject, new question. 
These are tax reductions that give the average working family $2,000 in tax relief every year – 
This question was put to President Ford. 
Look, I'm gonna sit with anyone, but there must be preconditions. 
It's not gonna make a hole in the deficit. 
Let's put him in perspective. 
I'm so sorry. 
And I think it is very important that we do not see this kind of end in this administration. 
Now we need a tight budget, but there is no doubt that this administration has highlighted things that affect the most vulnerable in American life, and they are hurting. 
I'm not going... OBAMA: Okay. May I... mccain: We're not going to do this in my administration. 
You know, everyone knows that NAFTA has literally caused thousands of U.S. factories to shut down. We saw jobs in the automobile going south of the border. President Trump fought to renegotiate NAFTA, and the United States, Mexico, Canada's agreement is now the law of the country. 
That's how he'll stay. 
And if you don't, tell him what you don't agree with. 
We tried it six or eight years ago. 
I am Jim Lehrer of the "PBS NewsHour", and welcome you to the first of the 2012 presidential debates between President Barack Obama, the Democratic candidate, and the former governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate. 
I'm asking for your support, I'm asking for your help. 
Remember, what is essential to bringing jobs back here is not just finding someone else to punish, and I'm going to be strict with the people we're trading with to make sure they -- they're following the law and playing by the rules, but it's also making America the most attractive place in the world for businesses of all kinds. 
I think this is the fourth time I've had this question. 
Secondly, this coal mining bill would have seriously reduced our need for more coal, and Governor Carter has repeatedly said that coal is the resource we need to make more efforts to become independent of the Arab oil supply. 
You know why, Joe, because you're all talking and no action. 
Our program was an amendment to Bill Kerr. 
It's going a little far. 
Why does the same logic not apply today, in our bicentennial year, to the young men who resisted in Vietnam, and many of them are still in exile abroad? 
You have to do this, we have to lower those costs. 
He doesn't have any law enforcement support. 
And people will remember that you signed the biggest tax increase in California's history and the biggest tax increase in the history of the United States, and what do you intend to do? 
Forty-three governors have it. 
The antifa is bad. 
What's going on with them? 
It imposed a tax on exceptional profits in Alaska. 
How do we pay for this? 
President Carter refused. 
Bankruptcy has gone up to an extraordinary degree. 
We saw her first hand when she was a senator from the United States. 
I asked about the racial profiling of you and you answered and then I asked about your sexual orientation. 
But go ahead and use these two minutes in any way you want, the question is upstairs. 
LEHRER: Many experts, including the President of the Federal Reserve, Greenspan, Vice President Gore, say that it will be impossible for you, for the most part, to keep the system viable during the next attack on baby boomers' retirement without reducing benefits or increasing taxes. 
And so, I was in favour of a separate minimum for them. 
But if we talk about what we think about the workers and so on, I am the only man who came to this position who was six times president of his own union and who is still a lifetime member of this union. 
TRUMP: In fact, we give it to the solar and wind – 
I think -- I think I made a mistake. 
The President, I do not think, lives in a world of reality with regard to the environment. 
The race was a big problem in this campaign, and one of you will have to close a very wide and bitter gap. 
A few weeks ago, a study suggested that in the summer the northern polar ice cap would be completely extinct in 50 years. 
Mr. DRUMMOND: Mr. President. 
I'm worried about our country. 
And let's straighten the file now by looking at the file, as Al Smith used to say. 
But when you talk about the death penalty, where Michael Dukakis and I disagree, what you really should get, that's what's done against the crime, and what kind of progress he's been able to make. 
Overvoltage worked. 
Richard Nixon called it trivial, superficial and inanimate. 
Andrea Mitchell for Governor Dukakis. 
Do you honestly believe that this is a reasonable justification for the invasion when it applies to so many other countries, including North Korea? 
It'll cost you $1 trillion. 
We have made progress in recent years, but I think we have ways to go. 
We didn't win the Cold -- we won the Cold War because we invested in national security. 
So the question is, can we govern? 
Mr. Anderson. 
So, if you start a business, where would you prefer to start? 
I don't think I should go against that promise. 
But in terms of the strength derived from commitment to principles, in terms of the strength derived from unity within our country, in terms of the strength derived from the people, Congress, the Secretary of State, the President, the sharing of evolution and the realization of foreign policy, in terms of the strength derived from respect for our own allies and friends, their assurance that we will be firm in our commitment, that we will not depart and that we will give them due attention, in terms of the strength derived from what is right, to take care of the poor, to provide food, to become the basket of bread of the world instead of the world's arms dealer, in these respects, we are not strong. 
In fact, Mr. KERRY: [interpretation] 
I think we both support them and I would lead strongly in this area as I did in my State as governor. 
CLINTON: ... language -- well... TRUMP: And defend yourself. 
Mr. Carter? 
Some press articles that are not confirmed say that Milosevic did indeed leave Belgrade. 
Because look at the mess we're in. 
Now, for those affected by the cuts, whether they come from George Bush or Bill Clinton and I -- the difference is, Bill Clinton and I have a defence conversion program so that those who won the Cold War are not left behind in the cold. 
This debate is indeed historic. 
These are judicial reforms. 
This is a classic example of a strategy that embarrasses us, strengthens our opposition and undermines the moral authority of our people and our country in the region. 
But I'm aware in a free society that people can love whether they want it or not. 
And, uh - that would be another factor that I would follow. 
QUESTION : Merci. 
Prime Minister Allawi believes they want to. 
Nuclear energy is not only important in terms of eliminating our dependence on foreign oil, but is also responsible for climate change. 
He opposes many defence programs that are necessary to defend this country. 
I don't see any. 
energy prices and so on. 
I'd like to answer. 
I can't even see the audience because it's so dark, but I don't care who's in the audience. 
WALLACE: The economy is, I think, just saying, getting back to the halt faster than expected... 
And that's kind of coming out of the Boston debate. 
He fears that if he were to send them to battle, it would mean lost lives. 
There is, of course, President Trump said they should pay for not being completely transparent about the coronavirus. 
All these things, as well as all the promises and commitments that Senator Obama and I made to you tonight (inaudible) will be based on whether or not you can trust us to be the prudent guardians of your tax dollar, to ensure that America is safe and prosperous, to ensure that we reform the institutions of government. 
I think the United States still needs to have the Statue of Liberty as a symbol, to look after others. 
He supported some of these individuals, supported Robert Bork's appointment to the United States Supreme Court. 
She doesn't have a... secretary Clinton? 
Right now, we're 90 percent of health insurance. 
Thank you, this is a very difficult moment in the life of our nation. 
In May of this year, Governor Carter took the first initiative, about twelve months after I took my initiative a year ago. 
The other day, we were deporting 800 people. 
If you're elected president, not by appointment to the FDA, you won't support the law to overthrow that? 
And I'm going to tell you this, I'm going to fight for a clean environment in a way that strengthens our economy. 
He knew it, too. 
OBAMA: Well, let me specifically talk about what I think we need to do. 
Every country in Latin America, Central America and the Caribbean is a democracy tonight, but Cuba. 
Health care and energy can be attacked at the same time. 
TRUMP: If we made an agreement, the Republicans would make it... 
He must have been summoned. 
In addition to that, we have had a chance to become now, contrary to our long-standing beliefs and principles, the world's arms dealer. 
That's positive. 
We want to reform the health insurance system to ensure that our seniors benefit from certain benefits, as well as to provide them with protection against prescription drugs and a range of choices regarding the type of insurance we have. 
The president said he would. 
Speaking of family values, I know family values. 
I think it's better now than in general. 
Yes. 
So we're going to make sure that the people we trade around the world play by the rules. 
I'm gonna stop other things. 
Let me tell you that I wouldn't use force. 
We will do this with regulatory reform. 
We kept it. 
And we must tackle the scourge of armed violence, which is a major contributor to many of the problems we face today. 
He wanted to bankrupt them without giving them any way to stay open. 
Do you feel personally attacked when Vice President Cheney talks about reform of liability and criminal liability and the president talks about having a trial lawyer on the ticket? 
We must bet on the future and go beyond current technologies to have a whole new generation of more efficient and cleaner energy technologies. 
I realized I was wrong. 
I'm the change. 
I know it's hard and honest people may disagree. 
I know I can do a better job in Iraq. 
Your two minutes have expired, but I want to follow up. 
We think this is extraordinarily important. 
WALLACE: My question for both of you is why voters should trust you rather than your opponent to solve the race problems this country faces over the next four years? 
The President inherited a growth of more than 5%. 
Well, in part, it comes, again, from my experience. 
He wasn't 40. 
He twisted his arms and got six democrats to vote with him and lost by a vote. 
For example, their health care. 
It's gonna close the interrogation. 
The Secretary of Defense was absolutely clear, we didn't bring anything back. 
Increase everyone's taxes. 
You can keep what you have today, keep a high deductible, keep high premiums, keep a high premium, keep low benefits. 
I had to take these oil companies and tell them, "No," you know, all the greed there that was a little instrumental, I guess, in their mode of operation, that wasn't going to happen in my condition. 
I struggled with excessive spending and scandals. 
And we will ensure that we manage chronic diseases, such as diabetes and heart disease, which are very costly but could be avoided. 
So be precise: how would you lead the country during this next stage of the coronavirus crisis? 
We have six segments. 
I think he just said that freedom is a gift of the Almighty. 
And talk about it to each other. 
She just spent about 25 seconds over her time. 
(Applaudissements) 
The television, the movies, the music with which our children are, you know, huddled every day. 
But it's trying to understand the country's heartbeat. 
If you earned between $20,000 and $40,000, you may have earned about $1,000 between $10 and $20, almost a hundred dollars, and if you made less than $10,000 with all the budget cuts that fell on the line, you suffered a loss of $400. 
A question for the governor, Peter. 
If in fact we are going to bring the country back together and be all the faces around the table, the new American family, what do you see as something the president can do to start this process to bring them back inside? 
They have to turn off the TV, keep the video games away, and finally start instilling the thirst for knowledge that our students need. 
BUSH: Well, if it's in our vital national interests, and that means that our territory is threatened or that people could be harmed, whether alliances are or not -- our defence alliances are threatened, whether our friends in the Middle East are threatened or not. 
Mrs Loomis, I think it is quite appropriate that the first question in this first Campaign 80 debate is about the economy of the country, because it seems to me that the people who look at us tonight - 221 million Americans - are really concerned about the low performance rate of the American economy over the last four years. 
These terrorists are serious, they are deadly, and they know nothing but trying to kill. 
He was a maverick on some issues, but he wasn't a maverick on things that matter to people's lives. 
I believe that our foreign policy must express the highest standards of morality. 
The Americans are pretty smart: they know who writes the checks. And they know who owns the money. It's the Congress of the United States. 
We just had a drug stop a week earlier, and the guy we arrested had an AK-47 lying on the bed right next to him. 
But I would like to move on, if I could, to the big question of education. 
That's what a president does. 
Mr. Mondale, the closing words are yours now. 
I'm gonna fire them. 
There is no doubt that we have seen in recent years - in recent months - other acts of violence against Jews in France and, of course, against those living in Israel, by the PLO and other terrorist organizations. 
Especially when you have $20 trillion in debt, I'll bring back our energy companies. 
His family wrote a long letter saying that he had been misquoted and that his remarks had been completely removed from the context just before his death. 
And we want democracy in Afghanistan. 
So we started a new dialogue with North Korea, which included not only the United States, but now China. 
Do you believe in general terms that gays and lesbians should have the same rights as other Americans? 
First of all, he said there must be surveillance. 
And people listen. 
When the Speaker says that Senator Kerry beautifies enemies and you say that we could be hit again if voters made the wrong choice in November, would you say it would be dangerous to have John Kerry as president? 
When Mr. Nitze, a good negotiator, returned, he was reprimanded and his boss was dismissed. 
People need to own. 
But like Nancy Reagan, and so many other people -- you know, I was at a forum with Michael J. Fox the other day in New Hampshire, who suffers from Parkinson, and he wants us to make stem cells, embryonic stem cells. 
Governor Dukakis, speaking of apparent changes in position, you have gone on to call the Strategic Defense Initiative, or Star Wars, a fantasy and fraud, to say recently that you would continue the SDI research and could even deploy the system if Congress supported such a movement. 
So we had a policy called "Hend him, don't stop him. 
Number two, we have to make sure that taxpayers, when they put their money at risk, have the opportunity to recover that money and win, if the market -- and when the market comes back. 
We're going to cut 80,000 soldiers, 20,000 Marines, 120 cargo planes. 
The next debate, sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee, will take place one week from tomorrow, October 7, at Utah University in Salt Lake City. 
My argument with Governor Clinton -- you can call him mud fight, but I think it's fair to highlight it -- I'm deeply troubled by someone who demonstrates and organizes demonstrations in a foreign country when his country is at war. 
And other Americans have been identified because of their race or ethnicity. 
They're planning. 
Moreover, we are pursuing a strategy of freedom all over the world, because I understand that free nations will reject terror. 
In mine, I believe in people and I believe that people are supposed to dominate in our society -- that they, not the government, must have control over their own affairs as much as possible, with an orderly society. 
It's the most important part of all this. 
Good evening, Mr. Shadel. 
But I support the death penalty in the most heinous cases. 
We would like to thank Case Western Reserve University and Cleveland Clinic for hosting this event. 
And a year later, September 11 happened. 
But the reason... 
We think you're growing this country from the middle, not from the top down. 
And, and finally, button this segment, I'll give you a minute to answer, sir. 
We have done much better in background checks, but we have more to do with law enforcement. 
Another point. 
Why is your judgment different from that of Mrs. Clinton? 
Mr. President, I have to move you here. 
We need to keep US taxes low. 
She never went to university, even though she was smart as a whip. 
Governor Clinton continues to hit me on veto legislation. 
That's right. 
There is an epidemic of drugs, crime and violence. 
That's what we did. 
He was wrong. 
But we have work to do in this nation. 
We will win when they assume responsibility for governance, what they do, and when they assume responsibility for their own security, which they do more and more. 
I've never supported quotas. 
- Well, sir, less than... 
But nobody called Sean Hannity. 
Allons-y. 
Mr. Bush says it's a shit case. 
The description of this administration's file is difficult to recognize. 
Vice-President Pence, allow me to ask you the same question. 
If we remain motionless here, if we appoint ambassadors and posts in Washington who have a perspective of the status quo, who do not recognize that it is a revolutionary era, then the United States does not maintain its influence. 
Now, for every dollar I propose to spend on education, he spends $5 for a tax reduction for the richest 1%. 
We've earned jobs in manufacturing since I was president. 
I don't want to see child pornography laws repealed; I don't want to see "under God" coming out of our currency. 
Since we debated two weeks ago, the United States and the Soviet Union have built an additional 100 warheads, enough to kill millions of Americans and millions of Soviet citizens. 
Give us some examples of what you consider to be his refusal to tell the truth. 
I'd like to put an end to it. 
The current direction, uh - there's, uh - is pretty uniform for their purpose, and I think it's a close group, uh - and I think it would be imprudent for us to say that we're going to war, uh - in Yugoslavia, uh - if the Soviets should invade, which I think would be an extremely improbable thing. 
And what happened with a part of the law that was passed during the president's term, you saw the regulation become excessive, and it hurts -- it hurts the economy. 
Who do they represent? Health industry. Not us. 
- That's right. 
I'm not sticking to it because it's not something to do, it's something to build. 
And what did we do? 
Your conventional wisdom against you is that your Achilles heel is that you have no discipline, Senator Biden. 
I've got it in my ear and Ann Groer's gonna ask. 
I think that if you look at the balance sheet by voting for the troops and then voting against the resources they needed when they arrived there, then saying that I actually voted for the $87 billion before voting against, saying in answer to a question knowing everything I know now, yes, I would have voted exactly the same vote and then shortly after saying a bad war, a bad place, a bad moment, coherence does not come to mind because I consider that balance. 
But the enemy attacked us, Jim, and I have a solemn duty to protect the American people, to do everything I can to protect us. 
Nuclear proliferation. 
I am the only person here who has ever balanced a government budget and I have presented 12 and reduced spending on several occasions. 
Okay, we have one last question. 
This force is not a first resort, but certainly a last resort in any case. 
There are more deductions in the tax code for the closure of plants and the move abroad than for the modernization of facilities and equipment here. 
Mr. Trump, you have two minutes. 
OBAMA: There must be revenue in addition to reductions. 
They think I'm gonna have to pay taxes. 
And you should have some of that surplus so you can save, dream and build. 
After Russia's resettling, the Russians invaded Ukraine and took control of a small and intimidating Russian leader, now dictating terms to the United States to the point where all the United States of America - the largest nation on Earth - just withdraw from the ceasefire talks while Vladimir Putin puts an anti-missile defence system in Syria as he leads the forces and begins to do so. 
If one day someone comes with an answer, it's something else. 
And that is one of the reasons why my state has reduced the crime by more than any other industrial state in America. 
And so the right path for us is to work through our partners and with our own resources, to identify responsible parties in Syria, to organize them, to bring them together in a form of - if not a form of government, a form of - advice that can take the lead in Syria. 
But I don't know, I notice, when something bad happens, they like to say that the Russians are — she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. 
What's the matter with these guys? 
I do not think that in the winter of sixty-one in the current economic conditions it would be desirable to increase taxes. 
You also said that you wanted to balance the budget by the end of your first term. 
Mr President, the next question is for you, and it comes from Jonathan Michaelson here. 
They move militarily instead of promoting the Contadora process, which, as you know, is the process in place with the support of Mexico, Colombia, Panama and Venezuela. 
I think we should go. 
We need to move on. 
I'll get him. 
They didn't tell you that in the same year, they increased spending by $1.83 for every dollar that we increased taxes. 
For example, some have been forgotten; we need to keep the reactor core - below ground level, the entire nuclear power plant - tightly sealed and a heavy vacuum - heavy. 
Let me talk to you about an important aspect of this question. 
And nothing has been done, and they are now in charge of taking the tourists there to see this terrible desolation. 
And I don't want to do that, and I won't. 
But under your rules, you have no right to ask yourself a question. 
But there was a penalty that was imposed by Palm Beach County, and the money came from your foundation... TRUMP: There was. 
We fought for new arrangements that now allow us to drop off on the phone. 
But you want to know the truth? 
The economy. 
Not good. 
I am absolutely convinced that the threat we are now facing, the idea of a terrorist in one of our cities with a nuclear weapon, is very real and that we must resort to extraordinary measures to deal with it. 
- I didn't... 
You're talking about the Brady Bill. 
These things would help cities a lot, but we still have one - a very serious problem there. 
Senator Quayle. 
We're going to tell them the truth about what's going on. 
It's important, of course. 
The question is: The United States spends more per capita than any other country on education. 
I don't think that's a minor issue. 
We need to know whether this is a fair picture of your government or whether it is a stereotype. 
Let me tell you, I'll force them to return to their country. 
Is that correct? 
They're only complicated when I explain them. 
Vice President Bush. 
That...[crosstalk] QUIJANO: And very quickly, senator. 
You're welcome. 
People at home can't understand either of you when you talk about each other. 
There's a big difference between these two notes. 
We are not moving forward in education as we should. 
And he's a big mailman. 
You know, I thank you all for giving me the opportunity to serve you during these four years, and I ask for re-election because I want more than anything to try to complete the new beginning that we made four years ago. 
They analyzed the senator's plan. 
-- 
We cannot afford a lack of intelligence. 
And what was the cost? 
But I wouldn't want someone to elect me - President of the United States - or vote for me - in the hope that life would be easier if I were elected. 
A little experience, a little age, a little intelligence. 
And in the meantime, North Korea has nuclear weapons. 
And yet some accuse us of injecting religion into politics. 
We probably don't agree on numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but maybe we'll talk about it later. 
Look what happened in Manhattan. 
I know that for many of you sitting at home, parents of children in Iraq, you want to know who is the person who could be a commander-in-chief who could bring your children home and get the work done and win peace. 
That's right. 
He does not answer that question. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I hope this is the first and last time I have to say it. 
This means jobs in infrastructure, advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy and small business, because most new jobs will come from small businesses. 
I don't think they should have special rights, but I think they should have the same rights. 
In this regard, I would like to point out that the facts are simply not as stated. 
Under the exceptional profit tax, we plan to spend approximately $43 billion over the next 10 years to rebuild our country's transportation systems. 
Now we have a chance. 
I don't have a plan to tax -- or increase taxes. 
To follow up on your answer. 
But whenever they do, we lose part of our economic independence for the future. 
I think if you're going to be pro-life, you should — you should be pro-n. t what I can't understand is with Hillary Clinton and now Senator Kaine by her side is supporting a practice like abortion at partial birth. 
But when you were running in 2008, as I was, and I said if I had Bin Laden in our eyes, I would take that shot, you said we shouldn't move the sky and the earth to get one man. 
I think it's important for us to try. 
And the American people have no idea what President Reagan will do with these deficits. 
Mr. Vice President, there's still time. 
Mr. Trewhitt. 
Mr. President, did you look at your pension? 
They'll make money. 
Absolument. 
Why does he want to open it? 
How do you know? 
He's talking about his plan to keep jobs here. 
There are many capable men who could be Secretary of State. 
I just want to make sure that, I think I was supposed to get that last answer, but I want to point out that I don't think... OBAMA: I don't think so, Candy. 
This is the best overall energy policy in a short time that we need to discuss. 
He also wants to spend a lot of money on other programs. 
In California, some time ago, a man beat a woman so savagely that her unborn child was born dead with a fractured skull, and the California State Legislative Assembly unanimously passed a law that was signed by the then democratic governor - signed a law that said that any man who abuses a pregnant woman that causes the death of his unborn child will be charged with murder. 
No, I... look, we need to fix the system. 
They want to know they have a good judgment. 
It is important for America to participate in this process. 
Our efforts towards Iraq have focused specifically on the possibility that this is the most likely link between terrorists and weapons of mass destruction. 
PENCE: – with four more years of President Donald Trump. 
We need more, but 5.2 million -- if they moved away from the road, if they moved away from the road and let us pass the tax cut for the middle class, made it permanent, if they moved away from the road and passed it -- pass the employment bill, if they moved away from the road and let 14 million people who struggle to stay in their house because their mortgages are upside down, but they never missed a mortgage payment, just get out of the way. 
But just look at the ACLU positions. 
Where was I? 
O'Neill said, "Come. 
What we can't do, I think, is try to characterize ourselves as bad people. 
This means that the American buyer gets a better deal today because inflation is less. 
He can't tell you. 
It's in the middle class. 
We've capped the growth of all this spending, and it's good and it's helped. 
And Hillary used them to get a deal. 
I think the World Bank is usually doing a better job, but I think one of the big problems that is not getting enough attention is the issue of corruption. 
Let's go to a new question. 
Jim Schlesinger never got an answer. 
He was wrong at the time and he's wrong now. 
Worse, they declared victory. 
And Mrs. Drew. 
We have peace with freedom. 
IFILL: Senator, what is true and what is wrong about the causes? 
We are aligning the facilities where veterans now live. 
I said I looked in his eyes and saw three letters, one K, one G and one B. 
Social security is a trust fund that pays the cheques this year with the money that is paid to social security this year. 
That's split. 
It's asking people too much – 
Didn't I see that in my pubs? 
We have to move on to our last question. 
But let's talk about health insurance. 
That's not how we're gonna create jobs here. 
She's a big spender. 
CLINTON: Well, it's also fair to say, if we're going to talk about mayors, that under the current mayor, the crime continued to fall, including the murders. 
Why did you change your mind? 
And it's against-- my lawyers, they say, "Don't do it." 
The overall outcome will depend on the ability of the American people and the strong leadership of the President to meet all the challenges we will face in the days and years to come. 
I think we should strengthen the embargo on the Belgrade government, and I think we should ask ourselves whether we should lift the arms embargo that is currently being imposed on Bosniaks, because they are not in any way in a fair fight with a heavily armed adversary who has dealt with ethnic cleansing. 
The House Ethics Committee has just completed its investigation into Daniel Schorr, after several months and thousands of dollars, trying to find out how he got and had published a Congressional report that is probably the property of the American people. 
Five billion would go to a contract without a call for tenders for Halliburton, the former vice president's company. 
Trump... TRUMP: He passed her every step of the way. 
CMCain: I fought against -- one of them would be the marketing assistance program. 
Is it time to raise her? 
It costs our government about $1.4 billion a year. 
They saw a lot of them during their administration. 
You said, if a leader doesn't have it, quote, that he or she didn't win to be one for a very long time..In the days following the first debate, you sent a series of tweets from 3am to 5am, including one that told people to check a sex video. 
We are talking about six percentage points over six years, and with this money you give it back to the workers. 
Please welcome Californian Senator Kamala Harris and Vice-President Mike Pence. 
We will move on to the next question. 
Under the new bill, if I had signed it, a person like this would never have been able to recover. 
Joe saw and talked with the farmers in Iowa, whose entire crops were destroyed because of the floods. 
BUSH: Well, I was wondering, when Governor Clinton was talking to auto workers, whether he was talking about CAFE standards and Senator Gore, who was promoting CAFE standards, energy efficiency standards, 40 miles per gallon. 
Many people feel uncomfortable. 
The one with which we came to create jobs for the American people. 
Why doesn't he talk to his Republican friends? 
And I would make sure that the Saudis understood it in advance so that there was no doubt in their minds. 
And we'll start with the fight against coronavirus. 
We have adopted a new approach, environmental protection, but we have rid ourselves of unnecessary regulations. 
We have deregulated the air industry, the railway industry, the trucking industry, financial institutions. 
I ask you to vote, and God bless you. 
And I mean, no more federal money? 
Can I answer that, Jim? 
First of all, I think we're safer somehow. 
We are in favour - and I speak with confidence for the President - of the separation of church and state. 
It - the next Congress will probably be the first billion dollars Congress in the history of the United States. 
Now, Senator Obama has not mentioned that, with his tax cuts, he is also proposing some $800 billion in new spending for new programs. 
He voted 98 times to increase taxes. 
And that's how I feel. 
There should be a standard design. 
He was the only one in the nation to have granted permission to murderers who had not had enough time to be eligible for parole. 
And that makes a difference in how women are able to work. 
He is also the only president in 72 years to lose a job -- 1. 
And that's how Eisenhower, Reagan, Kennedy and others did it. 
What is happening in the Middle East, there are developments around the world that are truly worrying. 
We had family and medical leave. 
You're Jack Kennedy? 
Gentlemen, I think we're done... 
TRUMP: ... right now, our country is dying at 1% of GDP. 
Look at what's happening in Syria, Egypt, now in Libya. 
Donald Trump, when we interviewed him, said there were good people on both sides. 
The debate has been ours, but the decision is yours. 
This is simply not true. 
He can't come here and tell you that he created health care for the Americans because, what, we have 5 million Americans who have lost their health care, 96,000 of them here in Missouri. 
No one's ever seen figures like that for health care. 
These two islands are in the space of freedom. 
I do not agree with you, once again, whether you support the strategies of Barack Obama or John McCain. 
Governors like me and others have tried to deal with the consequences. 
In the Balkans, we have allies, NATO, ready, willing and able to carry much of the burden. 
I think the American people would really like to know. 
We're the only two lawyers in Washington who trust each other. 
The intelligence community told us. 
We are pleased to be in Baltimore for the first of our 1980 Presidential Debates. 
Not because they were tied up, but because the Administration was pushed to do something about it. 
Michael Dukakis introduced himself to the sheriff, and George Bush, too. 
It was the second time. 
As far as the Supreme Court of the United States is concerned. 
Sander Vanocur, ABC News' main political correspondent, is our moderator tonight. 
Carter had also promised that he would not use unemployment as a tool to combat inflation. 
It's about modernising our roads and bridges, but it's also about investing in clean energy and renewable energy. 
Now we must tackle one of the greatest threats to our democracy. 
Young worker after the young worker heard my call that I trust you. 
Let us consider the vote on Hungary. 
And with all the money they have, we defend them, and they don't pay? 
And I asked everyone to make the commitment. 
I am opposed to the establishment of a line because I know that the moment you draw a line is an encouragement for the communists to attack - to intensify their blackmail and force you into the war that no one of us wants. 
My religion defines who I am, and I have been a Catholic practicing my whole life. 
To President John Rausch, the faculty, students and community leaders across the state, we thank you for hosting this debate. 
If I can finish the question, what does re-thinking the police mean and support the Black Lives Matter call, uh, for community policing? 
I went to a boys' club. 
But we also want our education to be free from federal control. 
Ross had his hand up. 
It is important to understand the things we are trying to change and address during the campaign and what our program is for the future, our plans are for the future, we are focusing a lot on giving as much control as we can to individual Americans, whether they are men or women, whether they are single or married, as much control as possible over their own lives, especially in the area of taxation. 
If it does not enter until the seventh, eighth, ninth, it must still be counted. 
PENCE: Senator, we have an expulsion force. 
I therefore greet these things. 
I want to tell you that we're going to run an honest campaign. 
Just a few seconds. 
Now you have excluded the MX and the midgetman. 
Let me get Secretary Clinton here. 
I would like to leave you with the idea that the things I do as president are essentially motivated by the people whose lives I have seen affected by what is or is not happening in this country. 
As far as Mr Perot is concerned, I repeat something I said about him. 
Joe Biden's economic plan, Moody, a well-known Wall Street company, said it would create 7 million more jobs than Donald Trump. 
RADDATZ: Gentlemen, I want to bring the conversation to another type of national security issue, the state of our economy. 
And I did. 
We have time for another... 
I can make two commitments to you and all the American people tonight. 
And I will bring new competition to lower the price. 
And so my plan is based on the growth of the economy, giving middle-class families much more opportunities. 
You had a lot of answers. 
But you don't have to wonder if I'm talking. 
It's the same with socialized medicine. 
Senator Obama is talking about voting for budgets. 
This would ruin the quality of health care in America. 
You know how I know? 
Secondly, perhaps he's not as charitable as he claims, we don't know all of his business transactions, but we've been told by investigative reports that he owes about $650 million to Wall Street and foreign banks. 
That's why I brought the leaders to Washington a few days ago. 
It's beyond bad judgment. 
But you can't. 
We have a lot of time. 
They have the choice -- and they will have at least two plans that will be completely free of charge to them. 
It had everything to do with energy. 
But frankly, I'd like it to be taken care of anyway, because I just want it clarified. 
And I think you owe an explanation to the American people. 
The last point I want to address with you in this debate is the fact that the main driver of our debt is fees, which represents 60 per cent of all federal spending. 
No one has ever seen figures like this for health. 
And you'll find a criminal reform plan. 
Secondly, continue to work with states, as we are now, to add an additional 2.2 million people to the insurance system. 
And I think it's a record that the American people understand and appreciate. 
And they're going to be destroyed or frozen. 
Secretary Clinton? 
And it is widely reported that drones are used in drone strikes, and I support this and quite, and I think the president was right to use this technology, and that we should continue to use it, to prosecute people who pose a threat to this nation and our friends. 
And that is another way to deal with the threats we face in the twenty-first century. 
President Ford, your answer, please. 
Lester, we covered... TRUMP: No, wait a minute. 
KAINE: OK. QUIJANO: According to the Non-partisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, none of your economic plans will reduce the growing gross national debt by $19 trillion. 
But I don't see where it's inflationist to have people keep more of their income and spend it, and it's not inflationist for the government to take that money away from them and spend it on the things he wants to spend on. 
Why should Americans trust you about your opponent to deal with race problems? 
It's a difference of opinion. 
Governor, you won the first debate on the intellect, and yet you lost it to the heart. 
Thirty seconds. 
We are talking about the types of fundamental changes in programs and government that will affect people's lives for the next 25 to 30 years. 
Maybe my opponent knows if Mr. 
I see a young man who is a well-informed defense and there are three people on our ticket who are well-informed throughout the whole race-recognizable in defense and Dan Quayle is one of them and I am one of them. 
The goals should be an education system that leaves no child behind, a health insurance system for our seniors, a social security system that is safe and secure, a foreign policy that is in the interests of our country, and a strong army, and that then brings people together to achieve these goals. 
I think she's a great person... BUSH: Thank you. 
I would like to remind you that it was not only my administration that made the security decision. 
Tell me again. 
And when we got Osama bin Laden stuck in the mountains of Tora Bora, 1000 of his cohorts with him in those mountains. 
WALLACE: But, sir, there is a tradition in this country - in fact, one of the prides of this country - is the peaceful transition of power and that, no matter how hard a campaign is, at the end of the campaign that the loser concedes to the winner. 
Let's see how sincere they are. 
Let me say first of all that I am very proud of this administration's file. 
6 million jobs. 
I didn't say earlier. 
The best people in a small town will serve on the school's board of directors; you enter big cities, it's political patronage, springboards -- you get the job, give your parents a concierge job of $57,000 a year, more than teachers do, and hopefully they clean the cafeteria once a week. 
So, there's -- it's a society that -- of ours that has to do a better job of teaching children the good of evil. 
I don't know what you're talking about. 
I went to Congress and worked on these issues. 
This is what he has done when it comes to economic policies that will help working families recover. 
Their idea is to increase taxes and spend more money. 
We are still the fifteenth largest nation in the world in the area of infant mortality. 
We passed two very forward-looking civil rights bills. 
He's wrong about that. 
Mr. WIEGHART: Yes. 
Senator McCain is now talking about small businesses. 
Why don't you bring... COOPER: We talked about e-mails. 
The overall theme is foreign policy and internal security, but the specific subjects have been chosen by me, the questions have been composed by me, the candidates have not been informed of what they are, nor has anyone else. 
Indeed, it is a huge problem. 
And his former spokesman said, you know, that riots and chaos and violence help his cause. 
We are going to the next century a better America. 
What are the chances of freedom in these areas? 
I will not go back to the way in which the Democrats have done this and will use food as a political weapon and launch a grain embargo on farmers in this country. 
Unfortunately, I think that too many of us in our great country draw conclusions on each other. 
No, there was no sex tape. 
Do you know today that the Russians broadcast ten times more Spanish programming in Latin America than we did? 
There is no simple answer. 
He called Arizona law a model for the nation. 
We have 4 million young volunteers each year, the number has not decreased. 
We have been threatened by a veto if we have passed a dollar and a quarter - it is extremely difficult with the great power that the Speaker makes to pass any bill when the Speaker opposes it. 
If you pay tax, you are entitled to tax relief. 
Should Milosevic's fall be seen as a triumph of American military intervention? 
Mr. Maynard to President Ford. 
That's why we're bringing Al-Qaida to justice. 
John McCain and I had good conversations about how I was going to lead his program, namely energy independence in America and government reform, and then work with families of children with special needs. 
And they want to know you'll tell them the truth. 
Constamment. 
When you were California Attorney General, you increased the disproportionate incarceration of blacks in California. 
- It's okay. 
Last week, former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates said that a strike on Iranian installations would not work and, crazy, "could be catastrophic, haunt us for generations." 
Every time you give them a chance, they did. 
And I've been working hard for a long time to improve them, 90% of our children are here. 
And the only way the US troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops, and the Iraqi government would not. 
PAGE: Thank you, Senator Harris. 
I wouldn't have sent any troops to Haiti. 
And we must vote up or down, Mr President. 
But I firmly believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman. 
I'll lower taxes on middle-income families. 
How are you, Donald? 
What criteria would you use to determine when to start bringing US troops back from Iraq? 
And if I'm elected president, I'll do something about it. 
It's a fake election. 
And if you'd be ready, even if you didn't control the tapes, if you'd be willing to ask for the tapes to be released for examination. 
And we gave him a chance to vote, and he voted no. 
TRUMP: During the Obama-Biden administration, there was a huge division. 
I have a plan to do this. 
And that's really a shame. 
When George Bush asked me to sign, obviously it wasn't because he was worried about wearing Wyoming. 
Senator Harris, the Biden-Harris campaign has proposed new programs to stimulate the economy and you would pay for these new expenses by raising $4 trillion in taxes on individuals and wealthy corporations. 
And I'm paying for all this for these guys. 
And in our case, I believe our programs will stimulate the creative energies of 180 million free Americans. 
In St. Louis, Missouri, in June of this year, Bill Clinton said: "America is the mockery of the world." 
Under Vice-President Gore's plan, they get $145 in tax relief. 
Diane ? 
We've somehow moved away from our ally, South Korea. 
Then you have the army, then the civilian government. 
But so that we do not lose revenue, that the government is running out of money, that I also reduce deductions, credits and exemptions, so that we continue to take the same money when you also count for growth. 
I know how to do it, my friends. 
Would it not be to stifle their incentive to work and invest, etc., and also to harm the recovery? 
Medicare was there for here, as he's here for my mom right now who's a senior from Florida. 
Governor Romney, that's what we did. 
I'm human. 
I do not suggest in any way, or have ever, that this indicates that Mr Nixon has any sympathy, involvement, or in any way implies inferences towards the Ku Klux Klan. 
Second, we can generate a higher return on this investment than you get on the existing system. 
He underpaid the undocumented workers, and when they complained, he basically said what many employers do: "You complain, I'll have you deported." 
And we have never had a president since the war between states that vetoed other bills. 
Thank you for doing what you're doing. 
Let him say it himself. 
And so the person you've been talking to, I say, here's some help, here's business adjustment help for you to go to a community college in your neighbourhood, a community college that provides the skills needed to fill 21st century jobs. 
We have potentially 600,000 jobs and 100 years of energy under our feet with natural gas. 
Let me tell you something I didn't sign, and I think it shows the difference in our opinion -- the difference in opinions. 
He has to raise $20,000 a week to get enough money to run. 
If we are able to repel ISIS from Mosul and Iraq, would you be willing to put US troops there to prevent their return or something? 
We can't bear the reason we're in a race, as I said. 
That was a little while ago, wasn't it? 
I fought for reform. 
Again, Governor Carter is inaccurate. 
There has never been anyone in the history of politics in this nation that has been so violent for women. 
And so the question, does the public's right to know prevail over your staff... TRUMP: Well, I told you, I'll release them as soon as the audit. 
And what would I do in this situation? 
No one knows, but most scientists think, that something we do, human beings do, exacerbate this problem, and that it could, in a few generations, threaten the comfort and health of our descendants and perhaps even their existence. 
I am focusing on the fact that we are always avoiding the issue of the Glaspie newspapers. 
OBAMA: Well, Tom, we're going to have to take the rights and I think we have to do it quickly. 
And they said, "I said, "What are you doing after three years? I said, "Why do you keep coming back? "Because we don't have funding. » 
And it is in our power, and if we use our vote, and we use our voice, we will win. 
And so if you believe the same thing, you don't want to raise taxes on people. 
They cut him off. 
He will therefore be Vice President Bush, Member of Parliament Ferraro. 
I have no idea. 
You have two minutes of the same question to defend the tax increases on the richest Americans, Secretary Clinton. 
My question to you two is, whatever the current rhetoric, that one of you would name a positive thing that you respected in one another? 
But I don't expect it to come. 
I was talking about things that have been accomplished, and that referred to the rebirth of patriotism and optimism, to the new spirit that we find everywhere in America. 
That is why I am offering $20 billion to States to amend their state laws to eliminate minimum mandates and create drug courts. 
Are they going to create jobs in America? 
It's been a long time to raise the minimum wage. 
The Crime Control Act, which helped reduce crime by more than 20 per cent in our country, was also bipartite. 
We went to Afghanistan and very quickly the administration took the decision to divert attention from it and instead began planning the invasion of Iraq. 
When we talk about preconditions - and Henry Kissinger said we should have contacts without preconditions - the idea is that we do not expect to solve all the problems before starting talks. 
PENCE: – struggle for educational choice and opportunities for African Americans – 
Yes. 
It is really inexplicable, but as far as Joe Biden is concerned it is explained, because history records that Joe Biden actually opposed the raid against Osama bin Laden. 
I'm saying it's a wrong choice. 
I therefore do not believe that this is a clear enough break with the past to give us any hope of success for the future. 
You're talking about the internationalization of effort. 
I firmly believe that one of the best things to encourage parental participation is to know that classrooms will be safe. 
That means we're cutting prices. 
He mentioned other parts. 
And our values are violently contradicted by the type of racial profiling I know. 
I don't know where that money comes from. 
I believe in a limited government. 
What I am against is Senator Dole's plan to withdraw money from all the children we are now helping with limited federal funds and to help much less. 
There are many regions in the country where Governor Bush and I support restraint. 
It's okay. 
And we hope that we will serve you at the White House in January 1989. 
Our areas of empowerment and our business communities, the tax credits that will encourage the creation of new businesses, the new approach to small business administration to get more loans to individuals who have not had equal access to capital in the past. 
So, what one hand gives, the other takes it. 
Yeah, I got 30 seconds. 
One minute for Governor Dukakis. 
Now, I would like to come back for a moment, if I can, to the question of China and the talks. 
You're going to the heart of America's worries tonight. 
Freedom can change habits. 
And I suggest that Congress conduct such an investigation. 
Thank you, r. w... (LAUGHTER) ... 
Second, the strong supporters of Senator Dole, Senator McCain, who is here today, and Senator Feingold, supported, sponsored a proposal to reform campaign funding. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): I am referring to the provisions of mutual self-defence that exist in the inter-American treaty, the so-called Rio Pact, which allow nations, our friends in this region, to combine to take measures — diplomatic and other — to prevent Nicaragua, when acting irresponsibly by affirming power in other parts of its border, from taking these measures, whatever they may be, to stop it. 
You'll each have a minute, starting with you, Mr. President. 
We're all fighting for how much money there is. 
And they will eventually become nuclear. 
Both said that this administration had initially rejected the "walk in the woods" agreement, which would have been a perfect agreement from the point of view of the United States in Europe and our security. 
I do not believe in the registration of handguns or the registration of the owner of handguns. 
OBAMA: And what is important is to make sure that we disagree without being unpleasant. 
Manufacturing jobs also increased in the 1990s, if we really want to look at article n that I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade agreements that preceded me, and I put them all to the same test. 
Why can't they do it quietly? 
I do not expect us to cover all the questions of this campaign tonight, but I would remind everyone that there are two other presidential debates planned. 
This president has chosen a tax reduction on internal security. 
They're dying. 
And it costs $3.5 billion a year. 
By being firm, determined and strong, by keeping our word, by supporting our troops, we can achieve the peace that we all want. 
And you saw what happened. 
That is another reason to reduce the deficit. 
And I think we're all children of the same God. 
We need to reduce the size of the class so that the student who comes in has more time in mind with the teacher. 
The man and woman who work in the United States are not taxed too little. 
One of them is the old program, such as education assistance. 
The governors did. 
At the moment, there is a peacekeeping force that has been set up and we have African Union troops in Darfur to put an end to a genocide that has killed hundreds of thousands of people. 
I'm saying we can. 
And it's people who should go behind bars. 
Ross's against it. 
Senator Obama, this is the first time. 
I think it's important for judges to understand that if a woman tries to raise a family, help her family and be treated unfairly, then the court has to stand up, if no one else wants to. 
They must respect their treaty with Israel. 
TRUMP: I can't think of any one. 
You have obtained the lowest or almost lowest degree in your class. 
And I want to make sure we keep the classes low for our young people. 
I believe that we need incentives for the individual, for business and for industry, and I believe that the plan that I have presented, with detailed support, and which has been approved by a number of our leading economists in the country, is based on projections. 
That is one of the reasons why we have an education and drug prevention program that targets and helps young people throughout our state, the kind of thing I want to do as President of the United States. 
We will enforce the law of this country. 
We had a recession in 58. 
The one she doesn't want. 
Senator Obama said twice in debates that he would sit unconditionally with Ahmadinejad, Chavez and Raul Castro. 
It was a tax credit for the employer. 
I'll do everything I can, if I get up there, to make dirty tricks a thing of the past. 
Do you think that the election of Senator Kerry on November 2 would increase the chances that the United States would be hit by another September 11 terrorist attack? 
Whether it's four months or a life, no one could say that, but I'm immune. 
I hope they expect the American people to believe it. 
We had to come in when they got here. 
Do we spend money on this system of weapons in billions and billions, or do we provide decent and affordable housing for the families of this country that is at least as important and probably more important. 
TRUMP: They say the scholarship will jump if I'm elected. 
Mr. Armageddon KALB (spoke in French): Mr. President, I would like to take up this subject of Armageddon. 
That is what we should be concerned about, not the story of ten, fifteen or twenty years ago. 
North Korea, first, I do. 
And this strategy, and this general, they win. 
I spent my life in the private sector, not in the government. 
And I want to tell you what I did as mayor and governor. 
Let's talk about a substantive subject. 
It's going to trigger an attack. 
This is a commitment that we must respect if we are to protect the security of Western Europe. 
On the question of the summit, I agree with Mr Nixon's position. 
Actually, he doubled it. 
I support him. 
Ouais, vas-y. 
But because of some of the mistakes that have been made -- and I give a lot of credit to Senator McCain on the issue of torture, to have identified this as something that undermines our long-term security -- because of these things, I think we're going to have a lot of work to do in the next administration to restore that feeling that America is that brilliant beacon on a hill. 
And finally, I believe in tax relief. 
I think we have given them a good opportunity - we are - I don't think we should go any further. 
The fact is that there will be millions of people because of VOCID who will vote by mail like him, by the way. 
And NAFTA did not -- had no binding work agreements and environmental agreements. 
I personally know people who have been dismissed because they have made the choice to be with their child. 
They have done a good job of integrating money into the fiscal policy of the executive and legislative branches of government. 
Sorry, I didn't hear that. 
I mean, 5 million people lose their health care -- everyone looking at it knows that health insurance premiums are through the roof. 
Regarde ta pension. 
You told me your stories. 
And that's -- that's Georgian territory. 
Second, there are other forms of racial profiling taking place in America. 
I don't think it's enough to come in front of the Americans looking at us tonight and say, well, I haven't settled it. 
The bad news is we've lost. 
Nuclear energy: 36 plants were planned in that country. 
It's more you than I am. 
I'm gonna get this over with. 
I think we're gonna have to. 
It's easy. 
That's his... 
We'll do everything we can to protect our homeland. 
You were very involved in all aspects of this country. 
Number two, they're cheating. 
And the point is that this is the place where you are most likely to see terrorists gather with weapons of mass destruction, the deadly technologies that Saddam Hussein had developed and used over the years. 
Our country is losing so much energy when it comes to paying off our debt. 
But this is a more important issue. 
And above all, let's make education our priority so that all 8-year-olds can read, all 12-year-olds can connect to the Internet, all 18-year-olds can go to university. 
And I think... 
We have a chance tonight to talk, first, about the leadership, the character of our country, and a vision for the future. 
So it's not worth the paper it's printed on. 
Our policy was not to reduce subsidies. 
That's what I want to do. 
They didn't have the right body armor. 
But under our constitution, if you show up tomorrow and obey the law, and work hard and do what you are supposed to do, you have the right to equal treatment. 
This is the fundamental change that Barack Obama and I will make to this party, without questioning the motivations of others. 
Look, we should go after those who pollute, not go after the men and women who want to be able to drive their car to work or to school and make sure that they have the kind of opportunity to live like everyone else without having themselves regulated by the Washington settlement. 
I've been working for border security for years. 
You're not going to be targeted. 
I've got another minute. 
It's about my vision for America and his liberal vision for America. 
It's a problem on the left. That's what I said. That's what I said. 
In hot weather, he'd be gone. 
KEMP: Well, with all due respect, Jim, there are nine areas of empowerment, a few little DIY with tax credits all over the country for city centres. 
We had four years when we did not produce jobs in the private sector. 
But I think it's important to remember a little history. 
And it gives you social medicine. 
Mr. CLINTON: I'd like to answer the question, because I've actually been governor for 12 years, so I've known a lot of people who have lost their jobs because of jobs moving abroad, and I know a lot of people whose factories have been strengthened by increased exports. 
And establish a permanent reserve of heating oil in the northeast. 
Is the expense blocked? 
Yes. 
PENCE: Well, the American people have demonstrated over the last eight months that, given the facts, they were willing to put the health of their family, neighbours and people they didn't even know first. 
Some think it's an economic problem. 
Mr. GIBSON: Mr. Speaker, the next question is for you, and it's from James Hubb here. 
Governor Pence? 
We are 15% of the world's problem. 
Thank you, sir. 
You must comply. 
You change the program from a guaranteed benefit to premium support. 
Secondly, of course, we were involved with Iran. 
You know, if you want to, go to the Elections Council. 
When you were a prosecutor in San Francisco, when you left the office, African Americans were 19 times more likely to be prosecuted for minor offences than Whites and Hispanics. 
John McCain said exactly what Dick Cheney said, go back to Barack Obama's statements and mine. 
It would keep people in their homes, actually help the banks by preventing them from passing under. 
Well, whether he does or not, let me suggest my own idea of the leadership factor, since you asked for it. 
And that's why a lot of people call him Mike Tax Stop. 
Did you see him? 
Khrushchev cancelled his trip to Cuba this week for fear of resentment throughout Latin America, I would like to ask you to clarify a little more how you think we should measure American prestige, to determine whether it goes up or falls. 
These are my commitments. 
What's his mistake? 
I would like to say, since this is the last time I will be on a platform with my opponents, that although I do not agree with Mr Perot on how quickly we can reduce the deficit and how much we can increase taxes on the middle class, I really respect what he has done in this campaign to bring the issue of deficit reduction to our attention. 
So how are you going to pay for new initiatives in these areas you announced in Vail, you're going to stress now? 
Mr WELKER: Vice-President Biden, allow me to give you ten seconds to answer and then I have to answer the last question. 
I don't want us to cut the president's salary. 
MR. KAINE: Elaine, I think that's a very fair comment. 
So we cut off health care. 
Minneapolis, we got him back, Joe, because we believe in law and order, but you don't have one. 
She was there at the World Trade Center while they were still looking for victims and survivors. 
At the end of the debate, each candidate will have two minutes for a closing statement. 
MONDAL: One of the main tests of leadership is whether we see clearly the nature of the problems our nation is facing. 
It was a budgetary procedure vote. 
Who wants to take this one? 
Yesterday, I was in Toledo shaking hands in a line. 
I must point out that with respect to exhaustion allowances, the oil depletion allowance is an allowance that provides eighty per cent of all persons involved in exhaustion, so that you will not get much income with respect to exhaustion allowances, unless you move into the area that it has indicated. 
Thirdly, not to sell equipment or weapons to a nation that is involved in terrorist activities. 
This is how you approach problems and what your values are. 
President, 90 seconds. 
I'm caught in the middle of NAFTA. 
Every free economy has good regulation. 
And it allows - economists on the East and West coast think it's good - it allows the president to settle priorities, and we continue to grow because I'm not going to raise taxes. 
The economy is beginning to collapse with the collapse of housing. 
But they didn't have a lot of partners in the government here compared to the policies of the Germans and the Japanese, and I think we can do better. 
HEARING MEMBER: Good morning, Governor. 
I know how to do this. 
Some say, oh, you're a Republican, you can't reach out to these people. 
What I said was that there were missed opportunities. 
So things aren't as big as the administration wants us to believe in their TV ads. 
The neighborhood, the kind of environment people grow up in, and that brings me to the programs I'm talking about in terms of education. 
Can you bet this statement with a considerable amount of bipartite reports and studies, including a significant involvement of Governor Rockefeller, who almost unanimously concludes that we are not doing almost as well as we should? 
Now I am glad that they met Mr Gromyko, but they could have had the opportunity to meet him in 1981 when he came to the UN, which he had done with all the other presidents before, and also in 1982. 
Of course. 
We have a large number of people, hundreds of thousands of people living with public assistance in this country. 
I'm not going to appoint my firm until I'm elected. 
And while it may be a bit risky in some respects from an economic point of view to try to predict surpluses, I think we need to make a planning hypothesis to proceed. 
I think this is something that has been dealt with by the courts, and that is not dealt with by Congress and that will not be dealt with by the White House. 
Candidates do not need to be presented. 
Can you believe it? 
We must encourage businesses, create jobs and not spread wealth. 
We are number 1 in automotive production and sales worldwide, the first time since the 1970s. 
He voted against a party for Martin Luther King. 
China is growing by 7%. 
Al Gore and I are determined to make American public schools the best in the world. 
It is a massive country with a massive economy. 
TRUMP: I think a lot of things do, but I think to a certain extent, yes. 
We spend one third more on all human service programs. 
I'm trying to answer you now. 
I'm looking for the crime. 
We have gangs wandering around the street. 
I mean, she has a good range of things, but she doesn't know anything about the climate. 
And ironically, if you abrogate Obamacare, and I like that term, "Obamacare," if you abrogate it, what happens is that these seniors right away will pay another $600 in prescription care. 
Governor, we have heard that strengthening the defence that you would associate with would cost tens of billions of dollars more than is now envisaged. 
They don't want us to control him, very frankly. 
MASHEK: And you have a lot of disagreement with him on fundamental issues, including Reagan tax cuts, helping the rebels in Nicaragua, the death penalty, arms control. 
Another way to look at it is over the next ten years, we're going to collect about $25 trillion in revenue. 
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, 
I'm not proud of that. 
You should know as much about all of us as possible. 
The ideals and values of the United States have inspired the whole world. 
I think we need to revisit our society. 
And so the question, does the public's right to know prevail over your staff... TRUMP: Well, I told you, I'll release them as soon as the audit. 
Who would have 1200 planes worth $2 billion a year just to fly around? 
You have published a detailed program, but it also has no difficult numbers on how these things work with inflation. 
It's time to unite. 
Government reform is approaching. 
You very kindly suggest that my only Achilles heel is my lack of discipline. 
We will do this by asking the rich to pay their fair share and fill the gaps in the company. 
In fact, I would like to address the issue a little further. 
He objected... to one at a time. 
Thérèse (ph)? 
And it also allows us to rebuild alliances and make friends around the world to fight future threats. 
But the fact is that it was the situation that remained when I got there. 
Bob Dole is -- suggested a commission, but obviously you can't save Medicare, social security, or any program for the American social protection network, under which they shouldn't be allowed to fall, unless we develop this economy at least twice as fast as today. 
Let's think about it. 
That's why with 49 of our allies in Afghanistan, we agreed on a gradual withdrawal, so we got out of there in 20 years -- in 2014. 
Doctors practice defensive medicine because of all frivolous trials that cost our government $28 billion a year. 
I do not believe that we should go to a summit conference if we do not have such an agenda, unless we have reasonable assurance from Mr Khrushchev that he intends to negotiate seriously on these items. 
Let me answer one question he raises, namely the military strength and capability of the United States. 
I do not want to reduce our commitment to education. 
Open your company. 
They withdrew from global warming, declared it dead, did not even accept science. 
And maybe it's barely feasible. 
We are making very good progress. 
We solved, we saved social security. 
And I'll tell you the following: We have very serious problems, because we have a country with a huge number of nuclear warheads -- 1800, by the way -- where they developed and we don't, 1800 nuclear warheads. 
Donald disagrees with that.I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are still a big problem in many parts of our country, that we are not always doing everything we can to allow people of colour, the elderly and young people to exercise their franchise. 
I love the environment, but what I want is the cleanest water, the crystal clearest water, the cleanest air. 
I said there was a contrast. 
Jim, merci beaucoup. 
That's the plan for victory. 
The government. 
They work more and more and pay more taxes. 
I didn't say that. 
They emptied the Air Quality Act. 
No basis for that. 
Germany and Japan spend about $30 billion per coin. 
It happened under the president's supervision. 
This event is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Commission. 
But on the other hand, he has a responsibility to be exact. 
He says I should've shut up earlier. 
Two minutes is two minutes. 
It's hard to make people love each other. 
No more social distancing. 
Governor, you have a minute, sir. 
I have proposed a league of democracies, a group of people - a group of countries that share common interests, common values, common ideals, they also control much of the world's economic power. 
Now, because the governor has all this money for a tax reduction mainly for the rich, there's no money anymore, so schools get trial tests and reforms and not much more. 
But I believe that together we can make great progress. 
Secretary of State Colin Powell told this president the Pottery Barn rule: if you break it, you fix it. 
This can be done; it will be done, if only you have the will to do so. 
In September 2003, it supported amnesty for foreigners in an irregular situation. 
There is no incentive for a doctor to reduce costly tests because he is threatened with lawyers for professional misconduct. 
Can we get a quick answer, Mr.President, because I want... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Well, I'm going -- I'm going to be very fast. 
Vice President Gore, you're the first. 
He saved countless American lives. 
Mr. FORD; Uh Mr. Kraft, uh - I think the record can be put in this - that way, uh - that's the way I think most Americans are satisfied. 
I think it's not just an economic problem, I think it's a moral problem. 
That's how we signed three trade agreements that help us double our exports and sell more American products all over the world. 
It is the difference between a foundation that does good work and a secretary of state who acted in accordance with the American interest and someone who is in conflict and who does work around the world and who does not share with the American public what he does and what these conflicts are. 
Governor Romney, you can be short. 
All this cowardly talk about them, "All they have to do is enrich uranium in a certain amount and they have a weapon," not true. 
I believe that the public service is honourable. 
He didn't do anything. 
But we are so, turned inward that we do not understand the global image. 
Joe and I are therefore very clear: the Americans are voting right now. 
He promised you a tax reduction in 1992, and if you have one, you should vote for him. 
And I don't want to argue about the causes. 
It has developed over the past seven years. 
And you hear all the bad things that have happened under my supervision; I hope that people will recognize that this is something good for humanity. 
And I decided I wasn't going to do it, didn't like it, I decided not to do it, had an open account and I closed it. 
Two hundred and fifty thousand people, including 100,000 children, are besieged in Aleppo, Syria. 
I have no experience dealing with a $4 trillion debt. 
Moderna's doing great. 
I'll have a unique mandate. 
When George Bush went to Nashville, the employees who lost their jobs asked to meet -- QUAYLE: I want to come back -- GORE: I talked to them. 
And 95 per cent of working families, 95 per cent of you there, will get a tax reduction. 
Our last set of questions by Mr Vanocur on foreign affairs. 
And there is no doubt that Obamacare has been an extraordinary deterrent to companies of all kinds hiring people. 
He says, you know, "Foreign policy: it may seem complicated, but really it is relations, they are – just think about it as relationships. 
CLINTON: Iris, that's where we agree, I think. 
Do you want a president in Hillary Clinton or do you want a president in Donald Trump? 
In addition to not meeting his Soviet counterpart, he is the first president - and you are right - since the beginning of the negotiation of arms limitation agreements that have not negotiated an arms limitation agreement, but not only he has not negotiated one, he has opposed all those that each president has negotiated, including Eisenhower, including Ford, and Nixon. 
But it's not the $54 billion that John talks about. 
We are gathered as President Trump and the First Lady continue to undergo treatment in Washington after positive tests for VOCID-19. 
Yes, we tried, and, yes, we failed to bring him into the family of nations; he had the 4th largest army. 
Secondly, Mr Nixon continued to declare - and he said it last week - these fantastic figures of what the democratic budget platform would cost. 
They certainly don't have a partner in Arafat, and they need a legitimate partner for peace. 
I think you need to look at my file and you need to look at his. 
We've had an increase in all things that should be falling. 
Each candidate will have two minutes to answer a common question, and there will be a one-minute follow-up. 
KAINE: Elaine... PENCE: ...and the fact that they got $1.7 billion in ransom... WHO: We need to talk about Russia. 
I'll let him keep his fortune. 
I learned to get along on the other side of the driveway. 
Let me tell you what we did. 
There is a strange obsession that President Trump had to get rid of what was accomplished by President Obama and Vice President Biden. 
So the point is -- the point is that I have repudiated every time someone has been offline, whether they have been part of my campaign or not, and I will continue to do so. 
At a time when we have an employment crisis in America, wouldn't it be nice to have a jobmaker in the White House? 
And we can find more information because it is still alive, which may prove to be an intelligence t. o we must do everything we can to empty the intelligence of Europe, the Middle East. 
According to the IRS, someone in your group normally pays about 28 percent of their income. 
And we need to make sure they have the weapons they need to fulfill the very important role of getting rid of Assad. 
The fact is that the problems of health insurance have not been resolved. 
It's the test. 
By rioters and looters. 
The fact is that we went there for one reason: to get the people who killed Americans, Al-Qaida. 
We came with the Internet, we came with the Internet, and I think Secretary Clinton and I would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS does with the Internet, they beat us at our own game. 
SHAW: Senator Lieberman, this question is for you. 
Well, it has not included the defensive practice of medicine that costs the federal government about $28 billion a year and costs our society between $60 billion and $100 billion a year. 
It is the administration that has fought against regulatory reform that puts a large number of small business men and women in small businesses out of business. 
We have had free and fair elections. 
Let me say that if Senator Dole mentioned it, I have just signed a bill that we obtained through Congress to increase the amount of salary increase that we could give to military personnel and to ensure that the salary increase this year was higher than the rate of inflation. 
Now, I just think that what we need to do is enforce civil rights laws. 
But tell him it is not so dark; we are the United States, we have already faced difficult problems. 
No one has that except a long-serving president or a secretary of state. 
I would like to stress that there is no tax reduction that adds to the deficit. 
You have an American lawyer here who sends them home, so I think it's pretty important. 
What we are going to do will cost a little money; it will cost more than $750 billion over 10 years to do so. 
What have we done? 
KERRY: The aim of the sanctions was not to eliminate Saddam Hussein, it was to eliminate weapons of mass destruction. 
We have been concerned about communism in the United States in the past. 
This idea of nation-building is a kind of pejorative phrase, but think of the great conflict of the last century, the Second World War. 
I saw a study that came out today that said you're going to raise taxes from $3,000 to $4,000 on middle-income families. 
Governor Reagan, in fact, began his political career by campaigning around this nation against health insurance. 
We need to work much more closely with the Pakistanis. 
But it is an example of this notion that the market can always solve everything and that the less regulation we have, the better we will be. 
Mr. Drummond's question is for Senator Kennedy. 
Hillary Clinton knows exactly who this guy is. 
We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lines. 
And one of your compatriots said, you know, if it was before or right after, Trump was certainly_because if you read this article, there is no doubt. 
Interest rates are based on inflation. 
I'm offering a new approach. It's not economics. 
The facts are important. 
But that's not the case here. 
Well, that's not just my opinion. 
Mr. Vice President. 
We want to get people out of poverty, in the middle class, from a self-sufficient life. 
And Mitch McConnell said, "Let him go bankrupt. 
And I think we should look at offshore drilling and implement it in a way that allows us to get a little more oil. 
At this point, although there is always more to say, we will move on to the next topic. 
Now, by looking at Senator Kennedy's references, he suggests that he will move America faster and further than I do. 
I've always been against them. 
You choose your plan. 
They said, sir, you prepaid tens of millions of dollars. I paid my tax in advance. 
General McKiernan, the commander in Afghanistan at the moment, desperately needs more assistance, as our bases and outposts are now the target of more aggressive attacks against Afghans -- the Taliban. 
You cannot widen this gap between workers and management. 
If we want to have the initiative in the world, we must remember that the peoples of Africa, Asia and Latin America do not want to be pawns simply in a struggle between two major powers - the Soviet Union and the United States. 
Yes. 
MCCAIN: I would never have been and never had been in every year I was imposed a litmus test on any candidate in court. 
And his secretary of the Treasury said he was studying a sales tax or a value added tax. 
And I appreciate that role. 
Third, we do not know all of his business transactions, but we were told by investigation reports that he owes approximately $650 million to Wall Street and foreign banks. 
Number two, we are facing a growing trade in poppy that has exploded in recent years. 
In fact, there's -- actually, there's... TRUMP: It's a disaster. 
They have a variety of choices to choose from, as well as seniors. 
That's right. 
And you see, I think we are facing a real opportunity for world peace. 
And I'm sure Assad's days are numbered. 
WALLACE: White supremacists and racists. 
And I am also focusing on the fact that it is not a paradox that we have the highest productivity of our workforce in the industrialized world and that at the same time we have the largest trade deficit, and that we are behind nine other nations in what we are paying our most productive people in the world, and we are losing entire industries abroad. 
After three years coming to the office, I love some of these guys, they were great, they came to the office. 
We're going to spend a million bankruptcies this year for the first time in history. 
Ms. CLINTON: Susan, I disagree that there are no women and minorities in important positions in my campaign. 
It's the same Air Force General Mike Ryan and all the other service chiefs will not be happy because they need the new equipment, the new systems that Al Gore and I are committed to giving them. 
And this question, simply says, is it: how can we maintain peace - to keep it without surrender? How can we extend freedom - extending it without war? 
That's the problem. 
Yes. 
Of course, the United Nations was invited. 
LEHRER: Fast response to Senator Obama. 
And there won't be enough money. 
But it's not patriotism that you see in advertisements like you're watching TV these days. 
I grew up in a family where my father had gone most of the time because he was at sea and doing business in our country. 
We built the building and we get tax credits, like the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Because we talked about what we wanted to do. 
I believe that the United States has had many successes in recent years with regard to the communist movement. 
When Mr. Nixon took office, for example, we spent three and a half million dollars on the White House and its staff. 
I hope it's a fair election. 
IFILL: Senator Biden, you voted in favour of this bankruptcy bill. 
Unfortunately, the president also gave way to the chemical industry, which did not want to do some of the things necessary to strengthen the exposure of our chemical plant. 
Here's what happened: Over the past four years, they have lost 1.6 million jobs in the private sector, 2.7 million jobs in the manufacturing sector. 
And you had a big problem with the army. 
This is unacceptable. 
It's just the right position to take. 
But we're lawyers, I like lawyers. 
Well, he served with him two years later, in 1967, where I first met him. 
Many of them are thrown out because of all the scandals. 
Whether or not it is a clear understanding of what the mission would be. 
And Donald Trump had spoken to Vladmir Putin at least six times, and had never touched on the subject. 
In the 1990s, we had payment rules. 
It's public ethics, I'm not talking about private ethics. 
The Democratic Chairman of the Judicial Commission earlier, when Judge Barrett was confirmed for the Court of Appeal, expressed concern that the --dogma of his faith lived strong in her.- Dick Durbin of Illinois stated that this was a concern. 
He's listening to them. 
We - quite often - have a transitional problem. 
BUSH: Again, I cannot tell you how wrong I think it is to have bilateral talks with North Korea. 
We need a president who has the experience, who has been tested, who has the integrity and qualifications to manage the crisis. 
BIDEN: Month and month. 
I voted for the Patriot Act. 
The way to open up businesses is to give them the means to open up. 
NIXON: Senator Kennedy has expressed hopes in this area, hopes that I think all Americans would share and want a problem - some progress in this area. 
This is what allows us to keep social security solvent until 2054. 
That's exactly... 
I mean, I think in general, let's talk about these issues. 
But when you look — and Chicago is not the only one — you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. 
MONDALE: The platform to which the President refers, in fact, calls for a religious test in the selection of judges. 
They put the cages on. 
It's fraud. 
And it's personal. 
It is said to give parents the choice of a public, private or public school - public, private or religious. 
And I changed without having a certain — we got rid of capture and liberation, we got rid of a lot of the horrible things they put on and with which they lived. 
The dominant rule for the public here in the room is as always, absolutely calm, please. 
I think we should fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund, half of the money being paid to States so that States can make the right decisions on environmental quality. 
We shouldn't do that. That's the kind of vice president I want. 
Pharmaceuticals used flaws to maintain the brand -- branded drugs in place, and generics are much cheaper than branded drugs. 
Mr. OBAMA: Candy, there are jobs that are not coming back. 
That's what I've done since I was president. 
Who'll get hurt if we put these papers on the table? 
They're gonna see their own doctor when Bob Dole is president. 
Only half of the people in this country have pension schemes. 
But the Dorgan Working Group, the bipartite working group, estimated that we could raise about $35 billion in the fifth year, $105 billion over five years, the other study even more than this SHAW: Governor. 
For many of you, it is becoming more and more difficult to save, more and more difficult to retire. 
Like the old carpenter says measure twice, cut once. 
The Chairman said that he wished to eliminate or reduce the number of nuclear weapons. 
I think this attitude and view is dangerous. 
Nuclear energy is safe, clean, and it creates hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
Oh, yeah, it's so obvious that I'm a Washington stranger. 
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates himself recognizes the war on terrorism launched in Afghanistan and he must put an end to it. 
At the beginning of each segment, I will ask the two candidates a question and they will each have two minutes to answer. 
I'm the guy who brought back the auto industry. 
I don't prefer a litmus test, but I know there are ways to assess how potential justice interprets the Constitution. 
I couldn't help it. 
Is there any relief that could be offered to these brave Americans and their families? 
If Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was in the process of developing weapons of mass destruction, Governor Bush said he would do so, quoting: "Bring him out. » 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, minute and a half. 
In the rest of the world, countries and companies would work together to make this transition in an intelligent way. 
Our opposition says to lower your eyes, rest on your laurels. 
When my wife and daughter died and my two sons were seriously injured, I understand what it's like to be a parent to ask me what it's like to do with your child. 
So part of that is unfair. 
WALLACE: Which means that you will, in fact, determine the balance of the court for what could be the next quarter of a century. 
Mr Harriman has spoken to the Yugoslav leaders, and I think it is right to say that there is no prospect, in their opinion, that the Soviet Union will invade Yugoslavia, that Mr Tito will have died. 
Or remember when he said: I guarantee you that if you earn less than $250,000, your taxes will not go up. 
And maintaining that peace requires strength. 
Regulation is essential. 
And I think that's where maybe the vice president and I are starting to have differences. 
Second, Senator Dole, you voted against the crime bill that provides for the death penalty for drug traffickers. 
At a time when literally, in the wake of Hillary Clinton's mandate, where she was the architect of the Obama administration's foreign policy, we see entire parts of the world, especially the wider Middle East, literally out of control. 
They erase all this, and Medicare is leaving -- becomes insolvent in 2016, number one. 
And here, in a country that, if it moves forward, if it develops its economy to the maximum - which we are not now - in my opinion, we will have the resources to meet our military commitments and also our commitments abroad. 
America's place in the world after Hillary Clinton's and Barack Obama's leadership on the world stage was followed by a truly difficult economy, stifled by an avalanche of more taxes, more regulation, Obamacare, the coal war, and the type of trade agreements that placed American workers at the back. 
CLINTON: Let me repeat that we have had over 200 separate trade agreements over the past four years. 
For everyone. 
Neither do I. 
Now we have unfinished business. 
It shows the income_in fact, the income_I just looked at today_the income is declared at $694 million for the last year, $694 million. 
And Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we should eliminate the federal minimum e.e. Pence, when he was in Congress, voted against raising the minimum wage above $5.15. 
I traveled around the world looking at the effects of greenhouse gas emissions, Joe Lieberman and me. 
You have 30 seconds, Mr. Vice President. 
MCCAIN: My reading of Iran's threat is that if Iran acquires nuclear weapons, it is an existential threat to the State of Israel and it is a threat to other countries in the region because other countries in the region will feel compelled to acquire nuclear weapons as well. 
QUESTION: Mr. President, I voted for you in 2008. 
We need to talk about Ross Perot now or he'll get me, I'm sure. 
The file is clear. 
And I think we can do it. 
I'd like you to answer the question. 
The other is John Neuhaus, one of our country's leading arms control specialists. 
You don't test every year. 
And when this gap narrows, it's safer for communities and it's safer for the e.t model still works across our country, but there are other models that don't work, a too aggressive, more militarized model. 
But, as I said, we have the rate of increase in government spending up to 6%. 
I absolutely used it. 
CLINTON: Well, 67 percent of people voted to re-elect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and humble by t. r. Carter, I tried my whole life to do what I can to support children and families. 
Who's responsible? 
I'm so sorry. 
We should talk about your families, but that's the last thing he wants to talk about. 
This is a race between the Vice-President and myself for the presidency of the United States. 
The segments I announced in advance will be three on the economy and one on health care, the role of government and government, with a focus on differences, particularities and choices. 
They lost a lot of money on this one. 
PAGE: You know, I asked you – I wrote all the questions I asked tonight, but for the last question of the debate, I would like to read a question that someone else wrote. 
I was in the coal country in West Virginia yesterday. 
There is absolutely no purpose in the law and in reality for this amendment. 
After all, it is not paid by my money, it is not paid by his, but by the money of the people. 
Another thing we need to do is to restore the good relations we should have between the United States and our natural allies and friends. 
And I firmly believe that we must maintain a presence in NATO, but I will be wise as to how to use the army. 
I understand the creation of jobs. 
We don't pass it on to our children in the bloodstream; we have to fight for it and protect it, and then give it back to them to do the same, or we're going to spend our sunset years telling our children and our children a time in America, the day men and women were free. 
BROKAW: Senator, we want to move on now. 
Give the government back to the people. 
What does that mean, not going forward. 
A jury found them guilty. 
I will not reduce its benefits or support a proposal that would do so. 
Seventy-five per cent of known Al-Qaida leaders have been brought to justice. 
What I said was that this issue should be deepened to ensure that there are no loopholes. 
I was governor of Georgia and travelled extensively to foreign countries and South America, Central America, Europe, the Middle East and Japan. 
This is a serious problem, but I do not see it as the kind of terrible problem that the S&amp;L problem was. 
But they should pay us, because we offer a huge service and we lose a fortune. 
I have a loan from manufacturing jobs. 
A $4 billion tax advantage for your family. 
And we are in a situation where the President, so far, still has no plan. 
This is the kind of leadership we need to show. 
BRUNO: All right, gentlemen, the control room advises me that in order to have time for your closing statements, which we certainly want, there will simply not be time for a period of discussion on this particular subject. 
Well, I want to do the same, but I actually identified how we can do this. 
I think it would be a mistake, because when I sent young men and women into evil, I always understand that this is the last resort, not the first. 
But he's an incumbent, and we need to look at all the facts. 
During the Clinton years, as you may recall, there was a struggle for positive action. 
It's not in my value system, and certainly not so that the richest people in America can go away with another tax reduction. 
There was no doubt in my mind that Saddam Hussein hoped that the world would close its eyes. 
Now she blames the lie about the end, great Abraham Lincoln. 
Not according to Harris. 
You know, there are things where Governor Romney is different from George Bush. 
He wants to give the average CEO of Fortune 500 an additional $700,000 in tax reductions. 
- What's the point? 
What I would propose, and I proposed it in March when I was a candidate in my own state of Illinois, I proposed $11.3 billion, in particular, cuts to the federal budget. 
That's why the polar cap melts. 
Putin surpassed her in Syria. 
We will support Israel. 
There's been a million and a half this year. 
But I wasn't for the bill he was talking about because it wasn't hard enough for the criminal. 
- Yes. 
President Carter was criticized for reacting late to the aggressive Soviet impulses, for the inadequacy of our armed forces. 
A quarter of the surplus for major projects, and I want to return a quarter of the surplus to the people who pay the bills. 
It doesn't work that way when you're president. 
So this was my feeling about abortion, that we have a problem now to determine - and all the evidence so far comes from the unborn child's side being a living human being. 
Let's see how they're doing. 
Does every woman in America have to appear before a judge chosen by Jerry Falwell to erase her personal judgment? 
You're out of time. 
TRUMP: ... don't want to talk, like you, about law and order. 
A good example of this is the environmental protection laws we were talking about a while ago. 
BUSH: Well, I respect this statement, I do it really and really. 
I get it. 
Under certain circumstances. 
So, encourage the Soviets to come to the table as we did at the Gromyko meeting. 
RADDATZ: I'm going to move on to this closing issue because we're running out of time. 
Let's start with what we know. 
And not only expensive for the person who has it, incredibly expensive for our country. 
When the Speaker introduced himself, he said that he had introduced a bill in his first year -- he would introduce a bill in his first year to reform our immigration system, protect legal immigration, stop illegal immigration. 
Welcome to this second 1996 presidential debate between Republican candidate Senator Bob Dole and Democratic candidate President Bill Clinton. 
Senator McCain and I agree that this is the largest nation in the world. 
For example, the national assessment of progress in education, an independent evaluation service, shows that there has been no progress in reading over the past eight years. Almost no progress in math. 
I will stand with Israel if they are attacked. 
I'll do it. 
As Vice-Chair, I am the Speaker of the Senate, the Speaker. 
And I think that depends to a great extent on what we are doing here in this country. 
Governor Dukakis, is there a conflict between your opposition to the death penalty and your support for abortion on request, even if in the minds of many people it is also killing? 
And the choices we made were those that ultimately benefit middle-class families across the country. 
Coastguard cutters tied to the wharf this summer, not patrolling. 
I just think we should support that decision. 
The policy of a Romaney administration is to oppose abortion with exceptions for rape, incest and mother's life. 
Senator McCain is right to say that we need to stabilize housing prices. 
I don't think we should run and attack them like you did at the Republican convention. 
At the same time, it is putting in place a system of testing our school system so that we can establish responsibility to parents and ensure that they understand how well their students are doing. 
And the way you define small businesses includes people at the top. 
McGee and this is for Senator Kennedy. 
I'll be very specific. 
The accent will change with Barack Obama. 
And -- and -- and the statement of the president of my policy is completely and totally wrong. 
And if he doesn't do something fast, by the end of the year, one in every 500 people will have been killed. 
The next question is for you, Mr. Perot. 
And as soon as the audit is complete, it will be published. 
The basic problem is that it does not balance the budget. 
We have experienced what Jean Kirpatrick called the bloodiest century in the history of humanity. 
But the big companies that can afford it, we have a choice. 
The people who got all the jobs were enjoying it. 
But I think that the righteous people who really understand international terror know that it is very difficult to protect themselves against. 
Mr.LEHRER: Mr.Speaker, the honourable senator referred to first-instance counsel and the campaign, that is, campaign funding. 
What about Bob Gates' statement? 
I very much doubt that Mr Bush's selection for the United States Vice-President meets this criterion. 
Obama: Well, Jim, I want to thank you, and I want to thank Governor Romney, because I think it was a great debate, and I really appreciate it. 
He vetoed three of them. 
Thanks again to the people of St. Petersburg and thanks again to Jack Kemp. 
We are in favour of pluralism. 
They can be carried underground, they can be transported in space. 
Now -- now you want to waffle around him and give the impression that maybe you don't really want to say what you're saying. 
The Democrats and Republicans said Bob Dole's speech was good. 
BUSH: This is a place where we can use our generosity to positively influence and influence nations. 
And gas production (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: That's not true. 
Joe, I want to tell you, I'm not just gonna help you buy this business you've been working for all your life and be capable of -- and I'll keep your taxes low and I'll provide health care that's available and affordable for you and your employees. 
BUSH: Research on embryonic stem cells requires the destruction of life to create a stem cell. 
And if it doesn't go down, the economy will slow down, maybe fall into recession. 
And it's to get the support of the people. 
BUSH: I think this is a problem that we need to take very seriously. 
And under President Nixon and Ford, funds were seized that would have gone to cities and others to control water pollution. 
What they are trying to do on many occasions is to scare the elderly in this country. 
Just over the last three years, three years during this crisis, the billionaires of this country have made, according to Wall Street, an additional $700 billion. 
If this is not confirmed and does not happen, then I think that the United States, together with its European allies, should do everything we can to encourage the Serbian people to do exactly what they have done in recent days to rise up and put an end to this reign of terror of Milosevic, and to return to the family of nations where they will be welcomed by the United States and others. 
They were just shaking too many children through the system, year after year, school after school, without learning the basics. 
It is still 4.5 million guys e.e. — and Donald Trump said so — force of expulsion. 
Senator McCain suggests that, in a way, you know, I'm green behind my ears and, you know, I just die, and he's sober and responsible. 
We -- a president came out and did everything he said he was going to do. 
One last point I would like to make, since Senator McCain spoke about a $5,000 health credit. 
I've heard a lot of you talk about the tough choices you're facing and the stress you're experiencing. 
But there are many refugees, women and children - think of this image that we have all seen of this 4-year-old boy with blood on his forehead because he had been bombarded by the Russian and Syrian airs e.g. are children who suffer in this catastrophic war, in large part, I believe, because of the Russian aggression. 
OBAMA: First of all, I think it's important for the American public to understand that the $750 billion bailout plan, if it's well-structured, and, as president, I'll make sure it's well-structured, means that ultimately taxpayers get their money back, and that's important to understand. 
TRUMP: You'll see him as soon as he's finished, you'll see him. 
He proposes more than Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis together. 
You had eight years with Obama? 
You may want to focus on the scandal. 
I will repeal it and replace it. 
And one of those dreams is justice. 
They can take the diplomatic route and put an end to their nuclear program or they will have to face a united world and a president of the United States, I said we will not take options out of the table. 
Anyway, if you can. 
Look at the 4 million new companies. 
This is much less than t. t. I could give you a list of banks, I would — if it would help you, I would give you a list of banks. 
And one of the things I intend to do as President is to restore America's position in the world. 
I want it to be clearer. 
She said, I can't be here until 7:00 or 8:00 in the evening. 
And it is clear that it has business relations with Russian oligarchs that are very related to n. e Trump campaign management team had to be fired about a month ago because of these dark ties with pro-Putin forces. 
I'd like to move from inflation to God. 
He waited, waited and waited. 
It's a scary tactic, because it's not that much. 
I would say that people now have the opportunity to assess his position against mine and I think he and I will stick to what people decide. 
And suppose that if we can for the good of this question that you have become vice-president and that the president is incapable for one reason or another, and that you must take the reins of power. 
It's a fact. 
Really. 
The governor said he doesn't think that this problem is necessarily caused by people. 
George Bush didn't propose to turn health insurance into a good one. 
I want to appoint Supreme Court judges who understand how the world really works, who have real life experience, who have not only been in a large law firm and perhaps committed to a judge and then got on the bench, but, you know, maybe they have tried other cases, they actually understand what people are. e I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. 
And so we -- we just have a network of wrong incentives that must be changed by some people who are in the medical profession and other cunning people who know how to write contracts to change incentives or get -- get the -- the situation of the incentives under control. 
And that means there will be more industrial activity. 
And in fact, you said it in 2010. 
But I'm not gonna keep throwing money at a problem. 
And if you adopt the bill of the big drug companies, nothing will happen. 
It was the wrong judgment, and it cost us a lot. 
He said he thought Saddam Hussein was a serious threat, and now he said it was a mistake to remove Saddam Hussein from power. 
(Laughter) You don't want us to mention the appointees, but when you see the quality of people in our administration, see how Colin Powell did -- I say administration -- HEARING_QUESTION: (Inaudible). 
That's the same percentage as 20 years ago. 
The mines are closed; there are 22000 miners without work. 
The best thing I've had for myself is that I haven't had contact with Washington for all these years. 
So we need to enforce our civil rights laws. 
GIBSON: The next question is for President Bush, and it's from Matthew O'Brien. 
We must have energy independence, so I have proposed a plan to ensure that, in 10 years' time, we have freed ourselves from dependence on Middle East oil by increasing production at home, but above all by starting to invest in alternative energy, solar, wind, biodiesel, by ensuring that we develop the energy efficient cars of the future right here in the United States, Ohio and Michigan, instead of Japan and South Korea. 
And, really, they were teaching people to hate our country. 
KERRY: Well, you're talking about walking on a line of waffles -- he says he allowed it, which means he's going to allow life to be destroyed up to a certain amount and then he's not going to allow it. 
Why? 
I hope that I will do a good job as a person who has had a relatively clean file and who has no conflict of interest in his or her own public life, as well as the Governor, to urge young people to join the public service. 
How much longer can young employees expect to bear the ever-increasing burden of the social security system? 
We have to thank him. 
That's what she told her husband. 
This is just one of the troubling issues this nation will face, and I am ready. 
The reality about Iran is that Iran has advanced with its nuclear weapons programme under its supervision. 
We can create jobs that pay more than the jobs we lose abroad. 
But in the end, we are the strongest nation in the world. 
Parents teach their children the good of evil, and the message is often undermined by popular culture. 
And if you earn less than $250,000, less than a quarter of a million dollars a year, then you won't see the value of a one-cent tax increase. 
I believe in the Patriot Act. 
I'll tell you, it's not to help people who need health care. 
I said in my acceptance speech in New York to the Republican Convention that we respected his service in Vietnam, and I received applause for that. 
Now, the reason why the Eisenhower administration moved, the reason why we had the funds, for example, locally to build schools, hospitals and highways, to make the progress we have, is because this administration has encouraged individual businesses; and this has led to the largest expansion of the private sector of the economy that has ever been observed in an eight-year period. 
Gentlemen, please. 
These are decent American values. 
NIXON: First of all, I do not agree with Senator Kennedy that Cuba is lost and that China was certainly lost when this government came to power in 1953. 
I personally believe that one of the reasons why we do not have as many suicide attacks in Israel today as we have done in the past is that Saddam is no longer in business. 
Perhaps you inadvertently encouraged this view by supporting the tuition tax credits, the amendment against abuse and agreement with Bob Jones University in a Supreme Court case, your initial opposition to the extension of the Voting Rights Act, etc.- Is that what you're saying? 
I don't think Mr. Perot feels that way, but I know that Governor Clinton did it because I want to quote it precisely. 
I don't think there's even a race in between, it's about our vision for America. 
Now, the man got fired right after, but this... 
And senator, I'm just asking you, stop playing politics with people's lives. 
Now, many here who are not involved in agriculture will not -- follow this, so just forgive me. 
They see us telling when we enter the administration, when they are sworn, we need more space with our ally, Israel. 
It's a good thing for the middle class. 
CLINTON: ...as I said, I had trouble falling down. 
Why do you say party labels aren't important? 
Yes, Jim. 
TRUMP: If that's true for Russia, Ukraine, China, other countries, Iraq — If that's true, then he's a corrupt politician. 
This should continue and it can be intensified to give them hope and to keep alive the hope of freedom that I can testify that they have so deeply in them. 
This means that we are starting again towards higher interest rates, higher unemployment rates, and a kind of increase in the self-tax on each American family. 
And I once dreamed of representing my hometown in Washington, D.C., but I — honestly, Elaine, I never imagined — would never have had the opportunity to be governor of the state I love, much less to be sitting at a table like this in this kind of n.o. to answer your question, I would say — I hope if — if I ever fell into this role, I would meet her with the way in which I will assume responsibility if I were to be elected vice-president of the United States. 
We get rid of the regulations that go hand in hand with lowering the tax rate from 35 per cent to 15 per cent. 
This has increased to sixteen and a half million dollars in the last republican administration. 
How you doing, man? 
You will have access to lifelong learning and education, you will help with teaching if you want to get a new skill or training. 
Well, that's it. 
Thirdly, I believe that we should step up the use of our food surpluses in these areas until we can get people back to work. 
This happened in Governor Carter's response to what would have been and what was the last question asked of the candidates. 
Could you now ask President Reagan for permission to tell the American people what advice you gave him? 
My name wasn't even there. 
And the world has greatly benefited from the courage they demonstrated in these post-war years. 
And we must stop t. n., John McCain and I, this commitment we have made, and we will follow it up, by getting rid of this corruption. 
This is not the time you spend in Washington. 
PAGE: Thank you, Vice-President Pence – Vice-President Pence, your time has expired – 
Two minutes. 
And Vice President Gore, you have two minutes. 
WELKER: President Trump — please answer and then I have some follow-up. 
Are we closer to peace? 
He has a 15-year-old daughter, Caley, who's in Sarasota High School. 
You're also talking about the government that takes over a lot of the catastrophic bills people get in the hospital. 
Of course I do. 
We defend these values and must be ready to assert them. 
Let us return briefly to the summit on taxes and the budget. 
You can run, but you can't hide. 
We have not done enough in terms of transit; we have not done enough in terms of ports. 
This is the country I'm going to fight for. 
Let us now move on to the future. 
QUIJANO: We... PENCE: Well, look at me — you're running with Hillary Clinton, who wants to raise taxes by $1 trillion, increase spending by $2 trillion, and you're saying you're going to keep the promises of social security. 
If you earn less than $30,000 a year and put $500 in a savings account, the federal government will add it to $1500. 
We had our support -- our opening speech at our conference was delivered by Zell Miller. 
Mr President, much has been said about Harry Truman in this campaign, so much so that I think tomorrow I will wake up and see him appointed as the next baseball commissioner. 
So I could -- if you could get people to accept that, would you be for? 
And that's how it is. 
I blame myself because it is an involvement that the Republicans have been happy to trigger and, therefore, would lead this nation to war. 
I'm looking at the attorneys at the trial, and when you're running out of a few million, you go out to Hollywood and pick up two to four million and the organized work comes to Washington, D.C. and puts 35 million in the pot. 
That's what's at stake in this election. 
Fifty-four per cent of U.S. workers work in businesses that are imposed as individuals. 
I know that we have a choice to make in America, that is, to treat people with tolerance, respect and dignity. 
The Constitution is explicit. 
So I want to wish you a happy birthday and let you know that from one year on, we will not celebrate it in front of 40 million people. 
The fall in the price of support to limit production is not working, and we now have the highest - surpluses - nine billion dollars. 
The war continues. 
Next, the committee member who asked the question will ask for follow-up. 
The Census Bureau, just a month ago, reported that there are more people living in poverty today, a million more people living in poverty than when you took up your duties. 
Let's look at our files, my friends, then listen to my vision of America's future. 
Of course, U.S. companies have business abroad; we have global competition. 
This is what crushes middle-class families. 
But we all know, my friends, until we stabilize the values of home in America, we will never start turning around and creating jobs and repairing our economy. 
(Laughs and applause) BRUNO: Well, we're going to have to move on to another subject. 
We sit on a remarkable scene. 
There's never been anything like this, and we're going to have a special r.n. I'm talking, I'm going out and I'm talking, the people in this country are furious. 
No, we don't sell horses. 
And he wants to close the... he'll stop him again. 
I was able to do it in my condition and put these two together. 
Force is imperative for peace, but both must go hand in hand. 
Thus, social security has nothing to do with the balance of a budget or the obliteration or reduction of the deficit. 
People who would then get a job - give them a break that encourages them to leave social protection programs and go to work. 
And I believe that if we do a better job in education, we -- we will give people the hope and opportunity they deserve and maybe less violence from that. 
But let's talk -- you know, you keep talking about the trickle-down economy and all that, the worst economy since Hoover. 
Who would issue the -- GORE: The State. 
The highest unemployment of all developed nations in the world. 
I was recently at my local gas station and asked a guy named Joey Danco (ph). 
Did you hear that? 
When we want to send them back to their country, their country says we don't want them. 
How do you respond to such criticisms? 
But as long as we continue to use atomic power, I would be responsible as President for ensuring that security precautions are initiated and maintained. 
Give me a name, give me a name, go ahead, who do you want me to condemn? 
Well, I would say in the latter that the - and that's what I found, uh - somewhat unsatisfactory on the numbers, uh - Mr. Nixon, that you used in your previous speech, when you talked about the Truman administration. 
They lost tax revenue sources. 
Yes, I would. 
In 1979, he made similar statements, the same effect, as deficits -- there was nothing wrong with having deficits. 
Joe Biden was the one who, during the Great Recession, was responsible for the Recovery Act that brought America back. 
I said it's simple. 
We will have the opportunity to see them in action in a friendly forum, in a wonderful and friendly way like this one. 
The anti-Washington sentiment, in my opinion, should be focused on the United States Congress. 
All you have to do is take a look at his race in the Senate. 
By everyone, as discredited. 
And I think that right now we have to go back. 
If the American people send me to do this job, I intend to be a term. 
Almost all lawyers say that you do not release your statements until the audit is completed. 
And I know the discussions have resumed today. 
Over the past few years, the government has grown larger; the industry has grown larger; the unions have grown larger; and our children have been victims of mass education. 
They've got spikes and they've been closed, and they're being killed financially. 
Mr Kemp voted 47 times out of 47 for such an amendment and to restrict it completely, regardless of the circumstances, even in the case of rape and incest. 
GORE: Thank you very much, Jim, and I'll start by answering your questions -- your last question. 
CLINTON: The most important distinction in this campaign is that I represent a real hope for change, a gap from the trickle-down economy, a gap from the tax and expenditure economy, to invest in growth. 
A trillion dollars. 
Midwest Council. 
Let me begin by saying that my health care plan is not what the President described. 
You said he was confused and deceived. 
And the idea that was suggested that I would liquidate the industry, of course not. 
But, look, the nature of the challenges we are going to face are immense and one of the things we know about the Presidency is that it is never the challenges you are waiting for. 
Where I criticized the administration's policy, and where I criticized Mr Nixon, was because at his press conference in Havana in 1955, he praised the competence and stability of the Bicta-Bict-Batista dictatorship - this dictatorship had killed more than 20,000 Cubans in seven years. 
I believe in this country. 
And, America, it is one of those issues that separates the President and myself. 
Defensive medicine and health care now cost $20.7 billion. 
And at the same time, a willingness to move forward on a regular, thoughtful and cautious basis. 
My answer to that is that I never, never said what he accused me of saying. 
It happened because I could work with people -- Republicans and Democrats. 
Even then, no response can exceed two minutes. 
I think the thing that discouraged me about the vice president was to pronounce these famous words, "no legal supervisory authority." 
Captain Miller is grateful. 
A famous member of your commission, Magic Johnson, resigned, saying there was too much inaction. 
But it gets worse every day. 
And I know he keeps saying you want to go bankrupt in Detroit. 
But $120 billion is, in fact, what has been allocated to Iraq. 
More and more young people today embrace life because we know that we are — we are better for it. 
It is a question of who can get the middle class in this country a bright and prosperous future and to assure our children the kind of hope and optimism they deserve. 
People who want to build on their dreams and make sure their children have even bigger dreams than they do. 
President Bush, your statement of opposition. 
Senator Kennedy also said about Cuba that he thought I had made a mistake when I was in Cuba by not asking for free elections in that country. 
I believe in America's protection first. 
Katie? 
I have done many of them, and I will continue to do them as president. 
But, frankly, I'm looking — I'm looking at this, and I'm saying, isn't it amazing? 
They found ballot papers in a basket three days ago, and they all had the name of military ballots. 
When I was a candidate for governor, I was very strongly attacked because of my position on the death penalty. 
This is a fundamental decision that has to be taken so frequently by each President who performs his or her duties. 
In fact, in his book The Strategy for Peace, he took the right position. 
They were a shame to our country, and we caught it. 
I would like him to consider changing his mind on this matter. 
She apologized for saying half. 
They are difficult negotiators, but all previous presidents have made progress. That's not the case. 
You know, the vice-president says he wants to impose the death penalty on drug traffickers, and yet his administration has a federal permission program that is one of the most permissive in the country, which last year gave 7,000 permissions to drug traffickers and drug pushers, the same people he says he wants to execute now. 
The United States cannot continue to bear most of this burden on its own. 
I want to change many of its provisions. 
It is very important that we not only have, without thinking about it, to rush into all the problems of the world and that our people be torn apart. 
Mr. HORSTMAN: [interpretation] 
It's just that it's not worth doing. 
It's hard to say. 
And I will do whatever is necessary to prevent it. 
We make sure that to do business in China, you have to give all your intellectual property. 
It is another thing to be certain and to be right, or to be sure and to go in the right direction, or to be sure of a principle, then to learn new facts and take these new facts and put them into use in order to change and get your right policy. 
I've made a lot of decisions, and some of them few, like appointments to boards you've never heard of, and some of them big. 
We signed a bill. 
But in my opinion, the president should have caught him. 
I believe that the way I approach the Presidency is what is necessary, because my whole life has been the way I have sought to lead. 
So not 750? 
If you want to hear it, you'll have it tomorrow night -- you'll hear it tomorrow night. 
And, you know, speaking of focusing on all the other countries of the world as opposed to the people of our country here, when George Bush took former Secretary of State Baker out of the State Department and put him in charge of the campaign and made him the Chief of Staff in the White, Mr. Baker, who is a fairly competent man, said that for the past four years George Bush was working on the problems of the rest of the world and in the next four years he would target America. 
Each of you has two minutes to start. 
Because guess what? 
Gadi Eizenkot, you can go check it out. 
Just as you continued with fracturing — "We're not going to have fracturing, we're going to stop fracturing, we're going to stop fracturing. Then he goes to Pennsylvania after getting the appointment — where he was very lucky to get it. 
I was hoping diplomacy would work in Iraq. 
Reagan for the Republican nomination. 
But if you had to see the arms I had to do that, it wasn't a nice picture. 
He's a grandfather. 
KENNEDY: Well, let me say that I think the parties are important in that they talk about the program and the man. 
Sixty-five years ago, a brave young woman, Barbara Johns, led a walk out of her high school, Moton High School. 
(Laughter) LEHRER: Okay, I want to bring... PEROT: But if they do -- if they do, it's easy to fix. 
Mr. VANOCUR: Mr. President. 
So you have to have a legal intervention. 
Second, we will do everything in our power through government support from business organizations such as the Small Business Administration to help women business owners invest and start businesses and increase their own income. 
No one likes taxes. 
But if you want to kill the economy, get rid of your oil industry. 
She said they were on the wrong side of the story. 
We have a conflicting relationship that destroys jobs and sends them abroad when we have the best workers in the world. 
TRUMP: China ate your lunch- [crosstalk]. 
And, therefore, an opportunity. 
My priority is jobs. 
Now, you have listed some things - the foreign income carry-over is estimated to save about $500 million. 
I think the Head Start program is an excellent program. 
We do more good things for more people in our communities, our neighbourhoods, than anywhere I know. 
TRUMP: That was said sarcastically, and you know it. 
Secondly, what are the characteristics of the leadership that Mr. Mondale does not have? 
It was the people who, in the 1980s, saw their income increase as their taxes decreased. 
It seems to me that those in Washington eighteen months after the incident are not the best judges of the decision-making process that the National Security Council and I had to take at the time the incident was developing in the Pacific. 
And the Republicans over the last few years - not only in the last 25 years, but over the last eight years - have opposed housing, the care of the elderly, federal support for education, the minimum wage, and I think this record says a lot. 
I don't know where the Vice-President is, but it's a renewable energy source. 
You'll know their names. 
So he can throw away all kinds of numbers. 
Murder is too much. 
In fact, debt repayment by 2012, when by our calculation our opponent's economic plan still leaves America $2.8 trillion in debt. 
We spent $4.7 billion a year in the State of Texas for uninsured people. 
He's not my best friend. 
Thank you, God bless you and good night. 
Allons-y. 
Can you share with us tonight three new weapons systems that you could? 
They understand. 
I understand you both. 
You yourself said that the prosecution is partly to blame for higher medical costs. 
We cut taxes 19 times and balanced our budget. 
There is a large group of young people, Lead or Leave, students, young people, who don't want their money to be spent. 
So from your business, helping to buy a first home, exempting capital gains on the sale of the home would be the most important things you asked for. 
This month, your administration ordered federal agencies to stop the racial sensitivity training that deals with white privileges or critical race theory. 
RYAN: Is it a good idea to borrow all this money from countries like China and spend it on all these different interest groups? 
I spent ten years in the House, eight in management. 
For years, the administration has been talking about reducing our dependence on foreign sources of oil, but they have not. 
Ah - I am not - sure I remembered earlier that President Ford had - expressed - his concern about the statement or apologized for it. 
We need to worry about ISIS before we can get involved too much. 
After that, once again, our embassy exploded. 
A 50% increase. 
Oh, well, no. 
A leader also understands that the United States must be strong in maintaining peace. 
Here's what I do: We take care of Medicaid children from states so that every child in America is covered. 
So I think we should do it in the Medicaid system. 
I think you can be realistic and optimistic at the same time. 
Candidates are not allowed to question each other directly. 
All I said was that they have to defend themselves or that they have to help us. 
And it is not true that you have always been concerned about what happened in Afghanistan. 
There were 26 separate cards that they had to sign, literally thousands of delineations of who would do what is in the West Bank, and I believe that if the parties meet and make this agreement in good faith, they will be able to do so if we cannot impose peace in the Middle East. 
He said that all poor seniors. 
Decide how they will vote, when they will vote, and how they will vote. 
And in fact, the CIA is about to point out that the link between Al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein is at best tenuous. 
Secondly, we will get to the bottom of it, and no matter where the facts lead us, wherever they lead us, we will make it clear to the American public, because all the mistakes that have been made will no longer be made. 
You just lost the radical left. 
He's totally isolated. 
Because the tax code is unfair to people at the bottom of the economic ladder. 
I fought against particular interests. 
And until we can start to recreate the basic infrastructure of the big cities of America, especially in the upper Midwest and the northeast, they will simply not provide the kind of economic climate that will allow them to maintain the industry, to maintain the type of solid industrial base they need, so that they can provide jobs. 
The general practitioner is doing a good job of encouraging the right type of education. 
Trying to stop you from applause may be a lost cause. 
Not only would it make a hole in the deficit, it would increase interest rates. 
So the problem is - it's not that the job is too little taxed or the person who works - the woman working in a factory is too little taxed. It is that we continue to spend too much. 
I'm trying to comply with the rules you've all established. 
But, I'll tell you, go back before the plague came, right before, I got calls from people who weren't normally people who called me. 
I understand that President Eisenhower never pleaded in principle for Quemoy and Matsu to be defended under all circumstances. 
I don't fight masks. 
Mondale changed his position on either one? 
I am grateful for the opportunity to reaffirm my commitment to reducing nuclear weapons and, one day, eliminating them completely. 
I wanted to give Clinton the power to use force if necessary. 
First step, the American people send me up there, the day after the elections, I will be with Congress, we will not even wait for the inauguration, and I will ask the president to help me and his team to help me. 
The other point I would like to make is this: this devalorization of the cost of things, I think that many of our people will understand better when they look at what happened when - during the Truman administration when the government spent more than it took - we found savings on a life devoured by inflation. 
And so I think a lot of tone and tenor he said — I'm proud of the campaign that Bernie Sanders and I ran. 
We want a peaceful planet. 
I support that. 
Aren't you tired of being treated like an unscheduled robot? 
BARNES: Given these beliefs, Mr. Speaker, why don't you attend the services regularly, either by going to church, or by inviting a minister to the White House, as President Nixon did before, or someone at Camp David, as President Carter did before? 
CLINTON: ...it's if you — if your main claim to being president of the United States is your business, then I think we should talk about it. 
And then you cut the education expenses when you took office. 
BROKAW: There are a lot of issues we're going to deal with here tonight. 
We had the best numbers of black unemployed in our country's history, Hispanic, women, Asian, people with degrees, no diplomas, MIT graduates, number one in the class — everyone had the best numbers. 
SIMPSON: Who would like to start -- the president of education? 
We learned and studied and understood the disease, which we did not do at first. 
Governor Carter, your answer. 
We didn't tell the candidates what they are. 
A lot of kids from downtown go through there. 
The young people are waiting for us. 
You are not negotiating with Mr. Brezhnev for weakness. 
Senator McCain? 
And I remember cases where people would cross the street instead of meeting someone in a wheelchair. 
I have 21 recipients of the Congressional Medal of Honour who supported me. 
It can and will grow even more in the next four years. 
DOLE: I remember one day that I said now, gentlemen, let me tax your memories, and Kennedy jumped and said, why didn't we think about that before. 
We have also seen Mr Ford exclude himself from public access. 
He insisted on the elections in the West Bank, when I said, and others said, and Barack Obama said, "Big mistake. 
Our party was too long. 
It's a good result and I'm proud of it. 
In the book, you also suggest taxes on gasoline, taxes on utilities, taxes on carbon, taxes on wood. 
Raise your hand if you are in a managed care plan. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: If the vice-president of the United States thinks Robert Bork was an exceptional meeting (Cheers and applause) DUKAKIS: this is a very good reason to vote for Mike Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen on 8 November. 
It's his two minutes. 
President Bush, you wanted to answer. 
The land that Mr. Ford boasted of having approved is in Alaska and it is huge in size. 
We should save these small businesses now. 
We now begin with Senator Dole and his opening statement. 
That's the drugs. 
We rank first in the country in terms of employment growth, we got the lowest spending, the state and local authorities, in the country, and the second lowest tax burden. 
I think that's one of the most serious messages, in a way, reversed or mixed that you could send. 
QUESTION: If, despite your best diplomatic efforts, Iran attacks Israel, would you be willing to hire US troops to support and defend Israel? 
First of all, I agree with your assessment. 
I am Jim Lehrer of the NewsHour on PBS, and welcome you to the first of the 2008 presidential debates between the Republican candidate, Senator John McCain of Arizona, and the democratic candidate, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois. 
Secondly, we have passed a federal bill on assistance in education in the Senate. 
PENCE: Honestly, senator, you can deploy the numbers and the sunny side, but I have to tell you, the people of Scranton know it's different. 
We were told that we would have a balanced budget in 1983. 
I am optimistic that we will succeed -- I know that we will not succeed if we send mixed signals. 
HEARING: Can we cross our hearts? 
All these programs - and that cost to him - were - I saw an estimate, I would like to know what he thinks, $35 - $40 billion - and it seems to me that someone is paying that. 
Now, you've issued executive orders, but we've learned that leaving these organizations at the discretion and executive direction can get them and, in fact, the country in a lot of problems. 
We reduced our industrial waste by 11%. 
He's not killed. 
CLINTON: And I've proven that I can, and for 30 years, I've produced results for people. 
Governor Bush, another kind of question about firearms. 
If you pay less than a year or two ago, why, then, the strategy works. 
The Vice-President has always said nothing about what Mr Bremer has said, about the inability to have adequate troops, about the inability to secure the country in the short term. 
Nice to meet you. 
LAURENT: Senator Kerry, you said that you were afraid of the increase in the cost of health care, but you chose a Vice-President candidate who made millions of dollars to successfully pursue health professionals. 
And production on private land -- on public land -- OBAMA: Production is on the rise. 
We will look for ways to celebrate our diversity, and we will try to reach out to all boys and girls, as well as all adults, to get them to work on behalf of our country.I have a very positive and optimistic vision of what we can do together. 
Mlle Sawyer ? 
(Laughter and applause) 
Both campaigns accepted these rules. 
That's news for me. 
This costs the government $7,700 per family. 
We have moved from a triple recession in the last 12 years to a triple stock market. 
With respect to Fannie Mae, what Senator McCain did not mention was that this bill he mentioned was not his own bill. 
On the same day, the Obama administration had exactly the same position. 
I'm ready to do anything. 
What's it gonna cost? 
So I have great confidence in him. 
She is in Grade 8 at Springville Junior High in Springville, Utah, and here's what she wrote. 
You're not taking America to war unless you have the plan to win peace. 
Senator Kennedy says that in doing this, you are trying to run away from your party on issues such as housing and education assistance by advocating what he calls a me-too program. 
But in 2018, in the last mid-term elections, 31 million people voted by post. 
You know, I support a national patient's statement of rights, Mr. Vice President, and I want everyone covered. 
WALLACE: You're talking about the growth of the economy. 
But the facts are -- the facts are -- the American people are hurt. 
I think we need a little reality from Wasilla Main Street over there, brought to Washington, DC. 
50% social security tax payments. 
A deduction of $10,000 per year for the cost of college tuition. 
What we did in Iraq was exactly the right thing to do. 
Then I'll tell you that. 
When Barack Obama was elected, they had enough fissile material - nuclear material to make a bomb. 
The test is the cornerstone of reform. 
Drummond, of prestige. 
I think young workers should be allowed to take some of their own money and put it in a personal savings account, because I understand that they need to get better rates of return than the rates of return that are given in the current social security fund. 
They were presidents at the time of history. 
And that they are bad, and that we should do something about them, and that we should support the housing legislation that this administration has opposed. 
Faith without works is dead. " 
We'll do exactly what we did in the 1990s. 
They don't want to see protectionism. 
These are the industries of tomorrow in the city centres. 
They're democrats. 
When the sunbelt epidemic occurred this summer, the Americans moved forward again. 
We should be able to open up safely, but they need resources to open up. 
As I mentioned earlier, when you talk about transferring Medicaid to states, we are talking about a 30% reduction over time. 
They're not asking for this tax reduction. 
Pfizer is doing very well, and we have many more. 
But, in fact, it was not raised by the President. 
This is a problem that the right people obviously do not agree with. 
I think our goal should be above all not to politicize it, not to scare people; secondly, to say that we must enforce the law in two ways. 
Their hippocratic oath would have asked them to provide care, and there was already a law in the books. 
And all you hear is how bad things are. 
The real mistake was the promise to "read my lips" first. 
Because they wanted to have the same choice as you, me, Cindy and your wife. 
Do you think you owe the vice president an apology? 
And I'm just saying that they - if they elect me president, I will do my best to carry the United States for a difficult time; but I wouldn't want people to elect me because I promised them easy and gentle life. 
So stay here and after eight years and say you're going to lead on spending control and, you know, balance our tax cuts so they help middle-class families when over the last eight years that haven't arrived I think just, you know, is a little hard to swallow. 
PAGE: Thank you, Senator Harris, thank you, Vice-Chair Pence. 
And then, in the long run, we need to repair our health care system, we need to repair our energy system, which imposes a huge burden on families. 
He fixed it. 
Mitt asked if he could come to Christmas. 
We must continue to move forward. 
I keep my word. 
And we'll take care of social security. 
And the first thing I'm going to do, I'm going to join the Paris Agreement. 
I support it for the middle class, not that part that goes to people who earn more than $200,000 a year. 
Governor, a one-minute response. 
CLINTON: And I think -- you know, it's a difference that affects the way we see the world and what we want to do with the economy. 
If you look at the available data, 40% of our Army helicopters are not ready for combat. 
And there is a determined effort by the Russian air force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last Syrian rebels who really oppose the Assad regime. 
For 200 years, we have been living in the future, believing that tomorrow would be better than today, and today would be better than yesterday. 
The first Gulf war cost the Americans $5 billion. 
I think the real problem in this campaign, and what you have to decide on the second of November, is whether you should vote for his promise or my performance in two years' time at the White House. 
I have already made a commitment to reduce the deficit in half. 
Thank you, Mr President. 
The next statement will be from Vice-President Quayle. 
Joe and I come from similar cities. 
Bob, merci beaucoup. 
And there are ways to do it. 
So, for viewers watching, I'm optimistic about the ability to get together with a plan. 
They were waiting for you. 
REYNOLDS: I guess, sir, you don't think you're going to reconsider and think about those ninety thousand who are still abroad. 
Who's on your list, Joe? 
What should they do with danger? 
That's not his plan. 
If you put more American troops and don't bring the Iraqis to battle, you'll postpone the day when you can actually bring our boys home. 
You see it when you sit at your table every night and there is an empty chair because a loved one serves in Iraq or Afghanistan. 
Let's not risk it on a risk plan of $550 billion. 
BUSH: The defence budget now takes much less percentage of gross national product than it did in President Kennedy's time, for example, has evolved enormously. 
In fact, he kept saying... WALLACE: His two minutes -- sir, his two minutes. 
It is sinking into a regional war. 
They made a judgment based on what was good for women's health. 
But first, there must be someone you can trust. 
And 13 trillion dollars of family wealth were erased t. w, we came back from this abyss. 
The environment? 
I have a plan to provide health care to all Americans. 
I want to do something about it. 
BUSH: Sometimes it seems that a campaign generates more heat than light. 
MCCAIN: ... 
Do you approve of the Church's action this week in Boston, and should a president be guided by an organized religion on issues such as abortion, equal rights and defence expenses? 
If you look at what happened -- we've made progress, I mean that at the same time. 
Governor, let me ask the President something about what you just said. 
GORE: Yes, I want to talk about it, because the issue was not free trade or education. 
Mr. Corddry, I am well aware of the current gaps in the armed forces of that country. 
New number. 
HOLT: In 2002... TRUMP: It is an absurdity of the mainstream media that she broadcast, because she — frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is the mainstream media. 
Have you noticed any contradiction or hypocritical change on the part of your opponent on positions and questions since he was appointed? 
It's amnesty. 
Do you know which state has the lowest premiums for professional misconduct throughout the country? 
I've been tolerant my whole life. 
We appreciate the work in this country. 
The elected officials played the game by promising to cure inflation while moving away from difficult programs that could harm one special interest group or another, and by actually adding inflationary elements to the system, such as indexing. 
Please, go ahead. 
All other African countries have abstained or voted against us. 
If you have a child, you have a $1,000 credit. 
Employers would cover their employees, the government would cover the unemployed. 
The other one called it fake. 
Not with quotas, but to help achieve a goal of ownership of small businesses, for example. 
We must also encourage other nations to come with us with the impacts of climate change, which we can do in this regard. 
I believe in the voluntary army, too. 
QUAYLE: I have a very good example -- GORE: Can I answer that? 
You said we should ask Pakistan for permission. 
I believe that every agreement we reach must be verifiable, and I do not agree with what we cannot say every day. 
He doesn't want to talk about the substantive issues. 
And they say you have some. 
We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. 
We have done much to reduce the cost of health care. 
It is a fundamental difference of opinion. 
We have moved very effectively to Latin America, and I would also like to point out: Senator Kennedy is very well complaining about our radio programs for Latin America. 
Senator Obama likes to speak loudly. 
He says on the one hand that I am for her and on the other hand that I may be against her. 
They used to come in and fine someone if they didn't have a poster on the wall informing employees of their rights. 
And from what President Reagan said, he wrote that if society doesn't know whether life does it - human life, in fact, begins to conceive, as long as there is doubt, that the unborn child should at least benefit from doubt and that there should be protection for that unborn child. 
In Brownsville, I think it was in the Rio Grande Valley. 
Our neighbours in America are vital to us. 
It is a great honour for me to serve him for many years. 
In fact, we had partnered with the Arab allies and caused enormous damage to the Iraqi armed forces. 
PENCE: Well, listen, I can defend — I — I can — I can say very clearly to the American people, after travelling millions of kilometres as our Secretary of State, after being the architect of the foreign policy of this administration, America is less sure today than it was the day Barack Obama became President of the United States. 
Capture gas emissions. 
She's talking for the rebels. 
Five million Americans have lost their health insurance in this country. 
They like tax credits, we like tax reform and tax cuts. 
He knew these flights were going on long before and that was not why he broke up the conference. 
Where do you see the fundamental difference in very simple terms in two or three sentences between you and the governor on the environment? 
RYAN: ... income adjusts (inaudible) these premium assistance payments by removing subsidies for the rich. 
I was in Kyoto, and I was part of it. 
Four million Ohioans do not have health insurance, 114,000 of them lost it under President Bush; in Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it under President Bush. 
The fact that faith speaks to us and that we are moral people, I hope that I accept and rejoice. 
I want you to have your own asset that you can call yours. 
Who knows. 
I want to review many of them quickly. 
He didn't save $9 billion with his vetoes. 
The fact that you have a deal is one thing. 
If so, you invite others to take hostages. 
But we deserve answers. 
An economy with 23 million people seeking employment is not a strong economy. 
And I suggest that in a free society owned by the people, the American people know what we told Ambassador Glaspie to tell Saddam Hussein, because we spent a lot of money, risked lives and lost lives in that effort, and did not achieve most of our goals. 
Ten years earlier... ROMNEY: And that's what allowed us to become the nation's number one state. 
We have now employed eighty-eight million people in America, the largest number in the history of the United States. 
Some people said mortgage holders really paid the price. 
In fact, he tried to raise taxes by about $4 billion. 
The funding of universities and think tanks is excellent. 
There is another similar question that relates to your -- it is said, at least, that you did not know that the Soviet retaliatory power was based on land missiles. 
We have more people who qualify. 
Number three, gender equality. 
Not only that, he said, "I think that's what makes the economy grow." 
I can't tell you how many people I meet who don't have health insurance. 
In fact, we currently have a wide range of technologies and weapons that provide all the bargaining chips we need. 
I have voted eight, ten times since 1965. 
We do not yet know what our tax revenues will be. 
Basically, he fell. 
I believe in them. 
OBAMA: I'll make a quick comment on the good ones in D.C. 
And we won the nomination by going out on the streets - hair salons, beauty salons, restaurants, shops, in factory change lines also in agricultural markets and cattle sales barns - and we talked a lot and we listened a lot and we learned from the American people. 
What about the good ones? 
And, senator, I remind you that a few years ago, when I supported the teacher tests while I was in my original state, I was pretty well hit by the teachers' association. 
They're right. 
We have to do both, and that's exactly what my plan is doing. 
That's how it was done. 
And when they decide not to plow a field vulnerable to soil erosion, it can cost them a little money, but it helps the environment. 
We cannot, as we have done, a dictator, give him billions of dollars and then he makes peace treaties with the Taliban and activists. 
They taught people that our country is a horrible place. 
But it's that model. 
We'll stop him again. 
RADDATZ: Deduction for home mortgages? 
So I'm... I'm much better now. 
But, I think it's very important to measure when and where things happened. 
You know, I'm looking at the relationship between Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the late judge we just lost in the Supreme Court, and late judge Antonin Scalia. 
Mr. Reagan. 
Because Congress did not act, I will announce tomorrow that the Department of Commerce will disclose the companies that participated in the Arab boycott. 
Because we -- it's gonna end up losing control. 
This is what I look forward to doing and I know what it takes to make an economy work, and I know what an active economy looks like. 
KAINE: I'll talk about the foundation, then I'll talk about North Korea. 
When he said, "Well, you're talking about doing more," what are you -- you're going to go to war? 
My job, according to the rules of the evening, was to decide the order in which the questions will be asked and to call the questioners accordingly. 
Even though they had to find out that they had 5,000 soldiers to come, they didn't even understand. 
Let me begin by saying, on a question that the Vice-President said in his last answer before coming to this question, speaking of fiscal policy, that the country must know that, by virtue of what he has put in place and wants to set up, a millionaire sitting near his pool, collect his statements to see how much money they earn, make their money from dividends, pay a lower tax rate than men and women who receive wages for serving on the ground in Iraq. 
And that would be a severe blow to our capabilities there in the Pacific. 
John Edwards, two and a half years ago, six months after our arrival in Afghanistan, announced that it was chaotic, that the situation was deteriorating, that the warlords would take over. 
And that means strong supervision, ensuring that investors, taxpayers get their money back and are treated like investors. 
Now, Mr. 
We have covered a lot of ground, not just as I suspected that we d. he next presidential debates are scheduled for October 9 at the University of Washington in St. Louis and October 19 at the University of Nevada Las Vegas. 
WALLACE: Secretary Clinton, I want to clarify your position on this issue, because in a speech you gave to a Brazilian bank, for which you were paid $225,000, we learned from WikiLeaks, that you said this, and I want to quote. 
In accordance with the rules established by the candidates themselves, each man must make an introductory statement of approximately eight minutes and a final statement of approximately three minutes. 
They fired 1,400 people. 
The whole philosophy of the Republican party, including my opponent, was to accumulate taxes on low-income people to remove them from corporations. 
(Laughter) QUAYLE: I don't think it's appropriate for me to go into the details of a hypothetical situation like this. 
And if that's not the case, there must be a consequence. 
These things can be done if we have the right vision, restraint and leadership. 
The next question is asked of you. 
What I said was the same thing that today's hearing heard me say, that if Pakistan can't or won't chase Bin Laden and take him out, then we should do it. 
It can be done. 
And I'm finally responsible for what's going on there because it's my parents, and I'm the one who has to greet these coffins when they come home. 
It's a big supply. 
I'll do one more point. 
Mr. Perot, just a minute. 
That's not how America is. 
Then what would I have done? 
We give you wider competition. 
And I think that's how it should be. 
And so here — here is an example, tearing the heart. 
Everyone knows that. 
When President Trump took office, ISIS captured a region of the Middle East, the size of Pennsylvania. 
I call it the amendment of the people. 
I don't think we need them to stay strong. 
They adopted the resolution that said, "Disclosing, disarming, or facing serious consequences". 
Mr. President? 
KENNEDY: Well, can I first correct a statement that was made before, that in my agricultural program food prices would rise by twenty-five percent. 
I'm going to balance our budgets and I'm going to get them and I'm going to... SCHIEFFER: In four years? 
And these three have aligned because of our weak foreign policy. 
In addition, we will allow people 55 to 64 to buy in Medicare early. 
All right, I would now like to ask questions about North Korea, Iran and the threat of nuclear weapons. 
Let's go right now. 
My reference to what you said in 2002, and my question was... 
The president said he'd cut the deficit in half. 
We all know that social security is running out of money and needs to be fixed. 
You know, I started as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children in schools and in the criminal justice system. 
What are you going to do specifically to make China pay? 
We should be a beacon for nations seeking peace and freedom, seeking individual freedom, seeking fundamental human rights. 
Fewer people die when they get sick. 
We were lucky with Nigeria, but in Sierra Leon, and now that Nigeria has become a democracy, and we hope that it will remain so, so perhaps we can take advantage of it. 
They see President Obama in New York the same day that Bibi Netanyahu is and he, instead of meeting him, goes to one -- in a daily talk show. 
And once you've said that you're going to have to tax them by entering, and our politicians never do, because they have special interests and special interests want these companies to leave, because in many cases they own businesses. 
We have a potential heat oil crisis in the northeast. 
It is a disappointment, in a sense, that I remember my previous service when things worked a lot differently, when, in fact, some of my best friends in Congress were people I worked with, like Tom Foley, who was a majority leader and later a Speaker of the House. 
I'll give you an example. He talks about all the jobs he's created in one or two years. 
BIDEN: The economy- 
Yes, because I think that's the kind of investment the federal government can help. 
He came out of his bunker, had the military use of tear gas on them so that he could cross a church and hold a Bible. 
Now, as far as the trial is concerned, yes, when I was very young, I entered my father's company, had a real estate company in Brooklyn and Queens, and we, with many other companies across the country — it was a federal trial — were prosecuted. 
Sounds right. 
It is the most over-regulated and contested economy in our country's history. 
We agree on nuclear power, but we have not yet protected these things. 
And people, every state there is in trouble. 
My plan would give students a reduction in dollars for the cost of a typical community college. 
We had a better idea. 
He can have another ten seconds if he wants to, Jim. 
Thank you, sir. 
I have a plan to cover all the kids. 
CLINTON: I don't think for a moment that I'm entitled to all the credit for all the good things that have happened in America. 
And I just told you the facts, sir. 
He said a fish rots from head down as it goes after Ed Meese. 
And I would like to move away from another professor's original question and speak on behalf of those who are not here tonight. 
But the big question is not whether Mrs Ferraro is well. 
I offer a new direction: investing in American jobs, American education, controlling health care costs, bringing this country together again. 
All right, gentlemen, we got to the last question. 
We can't just do it in schools. 
Let me make it clear that I will never allow any country to veto our security. 
That is not my point of view, and I think it must be said very clearly. 
Yes, Warren Buffett is the one who came out and said that someone like him should not pay a lower tax rate than his secretary. 
And that's something the Republicans have been using for a long time. 
We're going to have a lot of work to do, so I can't guarantee that we're going to do it in the next two years, but I'd like to do it in my first term as President. 
This is absolutely ridiculous. 
I served as a prosecutor for almost five years in the Queens County Attorney's Office and was a professor. 
It was the largest market correction -- one of the most important in history, which announced a recession. 
That's not what I do as president, that's not what I do as commander-in-chief. 
We have seen an increase of 73% in the allocation of federal funding to improve education. 
TRUMP: ... but we thought we could improve the country. 
Now, for three times, one after the other, our embassies were attacked in the same way by a truck with demolitions. 
6 million jobs in the private sector have been lost, 2. 
Even their chief actuary in Medicare supports this. 
My word is my bond. 
There's a difference between you two on this point. 
And what he's saying, if I understand him correctly, is that he's willing to call a woman a criminal for making that choice. 
How can America enter the next century and leave so many people behind? 
I have my own plan. 
The president left, the first thing he did when he took office was to make a proposal on the most destabilizing weapons of all, START. 
- Candies? 
You personally promoted your properties abroad. 
FERRARO: First of all, let me say that I do not think that there is a more important issue in this campaign, in this election, than the question of war and peace. 
First, we will make the same health care available to Congressmen at the disposal of all Americans. 
Maybe we'll talk about it again before it's over. 
Will we use our prosperity to enrich not only the few, but all our families? 
We would do very hard to open up these markets and defend the American farmer and see that we are taking back these foreign markets and I think we can do it with the administration of Dukakis-Bentsen. 
Mr. WALLACE: Yes, I agree. 
I am very sensitive to the families of those who have lost loved ones. 
They would not allow the government to use its bargaining power to obtain discounts for seniors. 
His plan is three times as big as President Clinton's plan eight years ago. 
PAGE: Thank you – Thank you, Vice-President Pence – 
And we need to make the most of our economy. 
I'm going to help the Latinos, the Hispanics. 
Mr. Mondale, your reply, please. 
Thank you for your question. 
Headache. 
I would like to have the opportunity to respond. 
And many of them, as you say, Candy, have long been unemployed. 
There may be a way to reach uninsured people, as there are many uninsured people in the country, especially children, who should be covered. 
We're going to make it, but let's give the president a chance. 
I personally told President Pack that the United States does not approve of the kind of repressive measures it has taken in that country. 
We seek to vigorously enforce laws that prohibit discrimination. 
Now go back to that -- on that tax, you know, again, it's back to our first question here about rhetoric and recording. 
We are looking at a situation where 40% of the unemployed have been unemployed for six months or more. 
We're gonna stop this. 
To what extent should things deteriorate in our own economy, or how much delay and hunger would it take in the world to persuade you that our national security and our survival required very drastic reductions in arms spending and spectacular new efforts in other directions? 
Now, I want to go back to something that the Vice-President said a minute ago, because these distortions are continuing. 
And he paid taxes on wages, sales taxes, property taxes... KAINE: Elaine, let me talk about something. 
But we succeeded to the point that the Lebanese Government had been organized - if you remember, there were meetings in Geneva where they began to meet with hostile factional forces and to try to set up a kind of peace plan. 
We trained them. 
Why do you think it's? 
Senator McCain, you think Roe v. Wade should be overturned. 
Go on. 
And I would also restore the involvement of Congress. 
But I can advise people. 
HOLT: ...of your taxes_you are perfectly free to release your taxes during an audit. 
I had the opportunity to appoint a person to the Supreme Court and chose the Illinois Court of Appeal judge, John Paul Stevens. 
He must be clearer. 
They're fake. 
MEMBER_OF_AUDITENCE: I have heard a lot about education and the need to hold teachers and schools accountable, and I certainly agree with that. 
And my campaign aims to put this economy back on track, to create jobs, to improve America's future. 
We will build an economy that, in fact, will provide the ability to take 4 million buildings and make sure that they are actually weathered in a way that actually - they will emit much less gas and oil because the heat won't come out. 
It's a problem I know a lot about. 
I think Vice-President Gore has played a critical and passionate role in leading the administration, as well as Republican supporters like Bob Dole and John McCain, to do the right thing in the Balkans. 
I hope you told them that you were going to increase your spending to $220 billion. 
GORE: Well, we have 105 areas of empowerment and business communities all over the United States of America, and with all due respect, that's 105 more than there were when we got to the White House. 
President Bush, just a minute. 
Governor Reagan states that this is not a good achievement and that he attributes restrictions on coal production to regulations that affect the lives and health and safety of miners, as well as to regulations that protect the purity of our air and the quality of our water and land. 
I think there are a lot of prestige tests, Mr Drummond. 
So I don't think we can judge, the scholarship was strong. 
Go take a look at St. Louis at some of this effort. 
If I am in charge of the presidency, I will help parents and strengthen families because, you know, if we have the prosperity that grows and grows, we will still not succeed if we do not strengthen families, for example by ensuring that children can always go to safe schools. 
You have a minute to refute. 
The President's economic plan calls for higher taxes to the point that we are finally taking so much money from the citizens that we can balance the budget in this way. 
You did the 1990-and that, why, if you look at the polls, I do better than any Republican has done for a long time, because they saw what you did. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...from the agreement of the forces to the end of the conflict that existed. 
We have five minutes. 
My question was how you plan to deal with the trade deficit with Japan. 
It is not only the old industries that fail, it is also the news. 
Several departments -- many -- had the information that they were converting our assistance for military purposes and trying to develop weapons of mass destruction. 
But it was something that happened. 
Of course, we have contributed billions of dollars to airport security. 
And it was politicians like Secretary Clinton who caused this problem. 
And then the war was very poorly managed. 
They know the charges are false. 
We've been fighting for abortion for a long time. 
Well, what Russia did with Assad and, by the way, with Iran, that you did very powerful with the stupidest deal I've ever seen in the history of the negotiation, the Iranian deal, with the $150 billion, with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough money to fill this m. t. look at this deal. 
Each speaker will ask only one question. 
Your Congress file, you sponsored a bill that said no to oil and gas exploration in the wild Wyoming areas of your state of origin. 
I think it will require new leadership. 
They don't want to be turned off. 
Romney points out that 47 percent of people will not take responsibility. 
What do you think? 
We did. 
HARRIS: If the public health professionals, if Dr. Fauci, if the doctors tell us we should take him, I'll be the first on-line to take him. 
And let me come back to say, Bernie, that Al Gore and I consider social security to be the best thing the government has probably done in the second half -- the last century. 
I support a national patient's declaration of rights. 
WELKER: We have to move on to have time to answer all our questions tonight, Mr.President Trump. 
It started with Harry Truman and it was a bipartite effort from the beginning. 
The tax cuts that Vice-President Bush and I had three years ago, that this president abandoned, no, that's not fair. 
Medicare -- I voted to add 26 years to the life of Medicare. 
No one would have dreamed it was possible. 
I promise you, the economy will improve. 
I'm sorry, Mr. President. 
Thank you, gentlemen. 
I don't believe in the government down, I don't believe in higher taxes and higher government spending. 
Not much, though. 
You know what, North Korea, we're not in a war. 
I have a history of fighting for fiscal responsibility. 
For John McCain, there is no end to ending this war, a fundamental difference. 
Let me offer you an inventory: lower interest rates, lower unemployment, lower inflation and an arms control agreement with the Soviet Union. 
Now I have to argue with the Catholic Church and religious freedom. 
I'd like to... Colleen O'Connor. 
It is not enough for him to say: "I support the position of the President, whom I voted in favour of the resolution. » 
I have so much to answer, I'm gonna pick something you said earlier. 
Or you're still working on it, and that's why you won't tell the voters? 
There was an example, for example, where someone produced pornographic films. 
And I would like to ask you both to tell me what role your religion played in your own personal opinion on abortion. 
"We fixed it. 
Our priorities should be first to meet our own military needs, then to meet the needs of our allies and friends, and only then should we ship military equipment to foreign countries. 
It didn't work as promised. 
I think I took care of it. 
Mr. Vice President, you heard what he said. 
For example, you did not report about 12 trips that were paid by special interest groups. 
And I would like Senator Quayle to change his mind on this particular bill and give us the kind of campaign reform legislation that I think is needed in America. 
Different presidents approach him in different ways. 
President Trump. 
He's about four times more likely than the white baby to work in his life. 
I would like to welcome you to the third and final debate in 2004 between President George Bush and Senator John Kerry. 
I don't believe in Washington command and control, D.C. 
I also think that we should give visas to people - green cards, rather, to people who graduate with the skills we need. 
I think it makes the world safer and, frankly, it makes the United States safer. 
We need to invest in science and technology. 
What does that mean? 
He said, "I don't know. I don't really think about him. 
A much less deadly disease, by the way. 
You've been doing this for 30 years. 
It is remarkable that when Senator Tim Scott tried to pass a police reform bill, he brought together a group of Republicans and Democrats – Senator Harris, you got up and out of the room. 
Return to work at $30,000 a month, representing another country. 
You must have a president you can trust. 
The safest federal investment gives 4%. 
It is that we continue to spend too much. 
HARRIS: – It was not as if he had no chance. 
We'll do it the way you do. 
The war in Syria has now spread to Lebanon. 
China ate your lunch, Joe. 
You have to go back where we were. 
Guarantee? 
And he wrote another letter, and it was a letter of resignation from the United States Army for the failure of the landings in Normandy. 
I hope that they will put the troops on the ground so that we can withdraw our troops and focus our military on fighting and the victory of the war. 
He promised to put an end to the well-being as we know it. 
Mr. Perot, on this issue that I raised at the very beginning and that we talked about, that is, the leadership, as President of the United States, that concerns -- my reading, at least, my concerns about you, as people have expressed in the polls and elsewhere, it goes like that. 
I think the judgment could be rendered after the election, if I succeeded. 
This will give them a chance to choose their own future, and Senator Obama and the government will not decide for them. 
It will eliminate the tax credit that people must be able to send their children to university. 
We were fairly liberal in our advice to the Italians on how to vote. 
I am not satisfied when last year the United States had the lowest rate of economic growth in a major industrialized society in the world. 
Hon.IFILL: Senator...BIDEN: I will be very brief. 
Barry ? 
We will not allow Iranians to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
And the reason is that crack babies are born, babies at the hospital 42 days. 
And that's where there's a difference, because Governor Romney's central economic plan requires a $5 trillion tax reduction -- in addition to the expansion of Bush's tax cuts -- is another trillion dollars -- and two trillion dollars in additional military spending that the military has not asked for. 
I want all seniors to have prescription drugs in Medicare. 
We must have strong allies. 
Mondale, what's causing this? 
If my daughter or yours looks at someone like he's not a citizen, I don't want to -- I don't want to empower someone like that. 
The first time - and I did not criticize the President, because these things can happen - once, and sometimes twice - the second time that the barracks in Lebanon have been attacked, as we all remember. 
To my knowledge, he has never suggested that a session of the Senate begin with the undertaking of allegiance. 
What about pre-existing conditions? 
So don't expect me to use the language of the insider in Washington. 
They were good people, Senator Obama. 
Uh - I also suggest that, with respect to his statement, I think it would be inappropriate for the President of the United States to reveal, uh - cases in which members of his official family had made recommendations, as I have made over the years to him, that he has accepted or rejected. 
The public option is an option that says that if, in fact, you do not have the means to be — if you are eligible for Medicaid, and you do not have the means in your state to get Medicaid, you are automatically registered, providing competition for insurance companies. 
WELKER: You said very recently that you would consider raising the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour — 
And give us a plan. 
I thought of one. 
We all understand what this country has become because talents from around the world want to come here. 
But we are much better off than we were four years ago, as Senator Dole acknowledged this year. 
CMCain: Well, I was interested in Senator Obama's reaction to the Russian aggression against Georgia. 
If we make the right choices, we can have prosperity that lasts and enriches all our people. 
This one's for you, Mr. Vice President. 
It is not right, and it is not good for our military, to bring them down essentially in the middle of partisan political debate. 
And thank you to the UNLV for welcoming us. 
- No, not at all. 
But in this tolerance too, no one would ever propose, not in a McCain-Palin administration, to do anything to prohibit, for example, visits to a hospital or contracts that are signed, negotiated between the parties. 
Now they turned around and bought 10% of the manufacturing base of this country. 
You were not impressed by the fact that he -- HEARING_QUESTION: Excuse me. 
I agree with that, John. 
But Barack Obama told me he wanted me to help him govern. 
First of all, there are two different things. 
Today - 75 percent were for Israel before. 
We want to make sure it's fair and fair. 
We are working with the British, the Germans and the French, who are negotiating with the Iranians. 
I can't believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I was n.d. my whole concept was to make America big again. 
But the most important thing is that my plan for the 21st century is a better plan. 
What I devalued, Mr. Nixon, is the leadership of the country, not the country. 
You said that today's Supreme Court is, as you said, going back in the right direction in decisions that have limited the rights of criminal defendants. 
And get out of this question. 
ISIS. 
We're going to move on, Mr. GIBSON: 
Governor? 
The Middle East is very difficult. 
There are now other leaders of this type who are moving towards problems, including President Pinochet of Chile and President Marcos of the Philippines. 
In this campaign, very bitter and harsh things have been pronounced on both sides. 
John McCain was not -- was not the kind of partisan to deal with -- and let me say it differently. 
That's what I think. 
I was there, and I met the people. 
They have to help us. 
That's a big statement. 
Who was the person who tried to keep spending control? 
CLINTON: I prefer to answer his question first and I will be happy to do so. 
I don't think this nation is made up of people who care about themselves. 
If I can use an analogy of the oil industry, that is, sometimes, as you know, Dick, better than I do, you have to dig deep to find out if there is oil in a well. 
They see ethical problems in the White House today. 
I do not think there should necessarily be a federal policy in this area. 
Is it because they have questions about his e-mails and the Clinton Foundation? 
Here's the problem -- that for about 20 million people, you may no longer have employer-based health insurance. 
And then the president. 
PAGE: Merci – Merci – 
I have a great company. 
And I know how to work with them. 
Let me give you some specific examples. 
(Applaudissements) Bon. 
What's the difference? 
But let me tell you something, what we did for the poor. 
There will be people with experience and people who will understand America and people who have done so and who experience the hard blows in life. 
Did you use this $916 million loss to avoid paying federal personal income tax for years? 
We went from the first to the twelfth in the world in wages. 
I get it. 
Everything -- everything -- everything... RYAN: It has a restriction... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Seniors are not denied. 
I had the privilege of working with them during the four years I was Secretary of Defense. 
It is thus granted. 
No nation will ever have a veto on us. 
TRUMP: As I did with criminal justice reform. 
My answer is no, I would not support the legislation that is presented to Congress to overturn the decision of the Food and Drug Administration on RU-486. 
We can do it. 
It's ridiculous and it should be changed. 
Can we talk about Afghanistan too very quickly? 
CLINTON: A family includes at least one parent, whether a natural or adoptive parent or foster family, and children. 
Do you know what he presented to us? A $25 billion donation to the largest companies in America, including a $254 million repayment cheque to Enron. 
You have to. 
But do you realize that over the last ten years, it is a higher than average growth over this ten-year period? 
The SALT II Treaty is the outcome of the negotiations that Mr Carter's team initiated after asking the Soviet Union to discuss the effective reduction of strategic nuclear weapons. 
These 209 Americans in Richmond on Thursday night told us that they wanted us to stop talking about each other and start talking about the Americans, their problems and their promise, and I think we should come back to that. 
Under your direction, to a large extent. 
But we can cut the deficit in half. 
They got their hands caught in the cookie jar, turning Medicare into a piggy bank for Obamacare. 
This is not the kind of coalition we described when we were talking about voting for it. 
Now, let me say this, this is absolutely the case... TRUMP: There is nothing crazy not to let our companies bring their money back to their country. 
The Americans want to speak frankly and just want to know, hey, if you voted for it, tell us why you voted for it and it was a war n. d. you supported John McCain's military strategies quite categorically until this race and you strongly opposed Barack Obama's military strategy, including cutting off funding for the troops that are trying throughout the primary. 
I think Petraeus and this leader of Al-A. n armed, nuclear weapons in particular, Iran is extremely dangerous to consider. 
It's not if we're better, it's if they're better. 
But let her at least concentrate... TRUMP: Let's see what's going on... COOPER: Let her answer. 
Pre-existing conditions will always remain. 
If the Supreme Court overturns this law, those 20 million Americans could lose their health insurance almost overnight. 
And when we asked Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? 
We want to give them the opportunity to make such choices for themselves and we believe that this is a very reasonable approach. 
Any new sanctions? 
These are questions that the American people have. 
I said I served this country for fourteen years. 
Now, if you're a businessman, and you can locate any place in the world, then, obviously, if you go to the country where it's 11 percent tax versus 35 percent, you're going to be able to create jobs, increase your business, make more investments, and so on. 
There is no doubt now that Russia has used cyber attacks on all kinds of organisations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. 
But there are many parents who feel like everything is going well in their child's school, and suddenly they wake up and realize that waiting for a minute, standards are not being met. 
I will concede that, in all the areas I have mentioned, Senator Kennedy would have the federal government spending more than I would have to spend. 
And the interest on this debt next year, on this Reagan-Bush debt of our nation, will be $640 for every man, woman and child in America because of this kind of credit card mentality. 
Admiral Stockdale, your opening statement, please? 
I'm not going to raise taxes. 
One per cent of America earned more than the 80 per cent of America that earned $100,000 in decline. 
I like American cars. 
Mondale talked about education and students and help of this kind. 
KAINE: Until he...[crosstalk] PENCE: ...has done well in a discussion group. 
Nouvelle question principale. 
He hasn't fixed it for ten years. 
If it's not a liberal idea, I've never heard of it. 
Your program is to ration health care. 
It's probably gonna take a lot, a lot higher. 
If you are elected President of the United States, what could you do to return this nation to these basic principles? 
BENTSEN: Well, I think what you need to look at is the record of a man who served his country - (Shouts, laugh) - served his country at war, led a combat squadron, a man who built a business, knew what it was to pay for and create jobs, then serve in the United States Senate; and one who was able to bring some of the kinds of laws I could bring into my service there. 
Paying or playing is a wage tax of 7 to 9% on every worker in America who participates in this program. 
It seems to me, for example, that the tests would be very difficult to verify because the Soviets encode their telemetry. 
Now, the order of answer has been determined by a drawing and we will turn with each subject. 
Thirdly, whether we are ready to win or not. 
They didn't. 
Thank you, Mr. Trump. 
Someone who can analyze the depths of sentiment in our country to set a standard for our people to follow, to inspire our people to attain greatness, to correct our shortcomings, to answer difficult questions, to bind us together in a spirit of unity. 
Look, that's how it is. 
That's good. 
I hope that this will one day rise; but I do not think that it will rise if we pursue the same policies towards Cuba as we have done in recent years, and in fact towards Latin America as a whole - when we have almost ignored the needs of Latin America; we have not carried a single programme from the Voice of America in Spanish to all Latin America over the last eight years, with the exception of the three months of the Hungarian revolution. 
I can't wait to have this race. 
We'll file them. 
I believe it is my responsibility as leader of the democratic party in 1960 to try to warn the American people that at this crucial moment we can no longer afford to remain motionless. 
And we learned from that. 
We need to reduce the corporate tax rate in America. 
We still have to cover about 20 million people and many children. 
And the reason I'm worried is because there's a vicious enemy who has an ideology of hatred. 
Wait, sir. 
It's a tougher problem. 
What we need is to try to seek individualized bilateral relations with countries, whatever their size, and to establish a global policy, which means that we want to preserve peace by force. 
But Jesse Jackson is an independent person. 
Do you support a 24-hour waiting period? 
In Iraq, we will have free elections, and a free society will make this world more peaceful. 
So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct word, to make sure every American feels like he or she has a place in our y. d I think when you look at the letters I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trumps America. 
That must be our highest priority in national security. 
And just this year, Mr. Bush vetoed a tax increase on the rich who granted tax relief to the middle class. 
And if we have to be tough with Iran, believe me, we'll be tough. 
PENCE: Less than 10 cents out of the Clinton Foundation dollar went to charitable causes. 
Fighting stopped in Bosnia. 
You need small schools, not big schools. 
And any research or development along Star Wars systems would inevitably involve our most advanced computers, our most advanced engineering. 
Social protection programmes WIEGHART: Mr President, economic recovery is real, but uneven. 
If he or some government officials are with or involving people like Noriega in our foreign policy, or do not pursue this link in a way that allows us to cut it off and be an example for our children throughout the country. 
There is a specific measure on the vote in California. 
I did it for the reasons you say. 
Sorry to cut you short, but President Bush, health care reform. 
What was the question? 
Who's he gonna listen to? We or the people running in the alleys with money, lobbyists, CAP money? 
This man cares? 
Except for now. 
Extremes hurt the cause of AIDS. 
And that president turned around and I went with him every step of the way. 
And that's what John McCain t. w, what I did as governor and as mayor is (inaudible) that I had this reform record. 
You see, I understand the... RADDATZ: Do you have the details? 
I think you need to help doctors stop practicing defensive medicine. 
And you have experience. 
I don't have time in 30 seconds to answer to fix all this. 
You're not both right. 
Just as I fought for our country as a young man, with the same passion, I will fight to defend this nation that I love. 
By the way, when I'm chair of the subcommittee, we're addressing the issues under my subcommittee. 
How would you describe our fundamental relationship with China? 
The Strunk family in Allentown, Pennsylvania, I campaigned with them the other day. 
PENCE: – Fight for the choice of school, for – 
America's capital tax rate is far too high. 
As you hear from intelligence sources even today, insurgents are very disparate. 
CHENEY: I specifically say that I do not believe that he has the qualities we need as commander-in-chief because I do not think, according to his file, that he would pursue the kind of aggressive policies that must be pursued if we are to defeat these terrorists. 
It is therefore important to understand that -- I think the American people are hungry for the kind of leadership that will tackle these issues not only within the government, but outside the government. 
I have recommended to Congress that production in this country be increased from six hundred million tonnes per year to twelve - one billion two hundred million tonnes by 1985. 
One of the reasons is that we have almost done so, and the speaker -- a very capable and decent man, I could add -- but he twisted the arms of some of the authors of this legislation and had them change their vote. 
On the other hand, throughout the nation, over the last four years, this is the first time since Herbert Hoover's presidency that we left for a four-year period with fewer jobs at the end of this four-year period that we had at the beginning. 
I signed the Homeland Security Bill to better harmonize our assets and resources. 
You could improve your people's standard of living. 
What I'm trying to get is that. 
It's about getting jobs for the American people. 
He was a judge of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
Be the judge. 
And I think it is an important n.e.e.ve that must remain independent of energy. 
Our country has been very active with regular conversations with the leaders of this country. 
You talked about your beautiful letters with him, you boasted that there was no war or long-range missile test, and yet North Korea recently deployed its largest intercontinental ballistic missile and continues to develop its nuclear arsenal. 
And I have a lot of respect and admiration for his wife. 
Whenever we do something wrong, we can express our regrets. 
Mr. Vice President, you have 90 seconds to answer. 
They want to come back to their lives. 
How can you say you can do these things and balance the budget? 
You have two minutes to answer. 
Excuse me. 
Any comment, Mr. Vice President? 
And suddenly, you're a great coal champion. 
Are we better when we charge our kids with this fantastic debt? 
I only have respect for the British, Tony Blair, and for what they were willing to do. 
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no for cocaine use. 
Gwen, the figure of 90% is simply false. 
It's too expensive. 
But it's amazing, it makes a big difference. 
White supremacists and white militias. 
Of course, we need to do some things tactically, some of which are correct for Senator Obama. 
I can't let the man go on with fuzzy maths. 
That's the question... TRUMP: Thank you. 
We've finished this segment. 
As I see it, the world is getting closer. 
- Mr. Governor, if you want to... 
And as the percentage of the population increases nationally, in one way or another the allegation that we don't care and that we're going to give money for that interest or that interest and not for children in the state of Texas is totally absurd. 
And I want to make sure they're armed and have the weapons they need to defend themselves, but also to take off -- to take Assad off. 
It was very clear that this was not a demonstration. 
Bush: We don't think we should use force. 
I have found that, in this world, it is important to establish good personal relationships with people so that when you disagree, you can disagree effectively. 
Now, what has happened in recent years, and frankly I'm not going to let you put on me the intrusion of state policy into religion or religion into politics by my comments on the President's policy, because it started in 1980 when this administration was being nominated and Reverend Jerry Falwell became very, very involved in the campaign. 
Our country has cut social spending by half. 
And they provide us with energy and they provide us with innovation and they create companies like Intel and Google. 
TRUMP: ... a miracle to bring back manufacturing. 
BUSH: A brown field is an abandoned industrial site that is only inactive in some of our urban centres. 
But I just have to... hurry. 
And I do it, both for companies and individuals. 
I'm a cardiologist from Fallbrook, California. 
Who was there and faced challenges and he knows what evil is and he knows what it takes to overcome the challenges here with our military. 
Lincoln's principles and the indefatigable optimism and spirit that this nation expects from its commander-in-chief and the next president of the United States, Bob Dole. 
There were huge mistakes in the war. 
I'd like everyone to finish it, get rid of it. 
One of them is in defence spending, because I've taken defence contractors. 
And if you just put your head in the sand and pretend it's not real, you don't do yourself a favor. 
I have to tell you that I would do something different. 
And it is particularly terrible to take poor little children and wait for the first year and take them through the city to Mars, where the children know their numbers, know their letters, have had all the advantages. 
Contracts must be smaller, agencies must be - must recruit and work hard to find people to bid on government contracts. 
He fought on the battlefield. 
That's right. 
Jason, I really appreciate being a former soldier myself. 
I noticed, Bernie, like Joe, that I'm glad to see what happened in Yugoslavia today. 
It didn't happen. 
At some point, and most of the time in the House of Representatives, you had a pro-life position. 
Look around the world at other places where they have not paid attention to the need to promote harmony between different ethnic, racial and religious groups and cultural groups. 
Now it's part of the plan he supports. 
I don't know if it was supposed to be a compliment, but it's a big one — I'm very proud of my children. 
Now, if the honourable senator, in his answer to that question, says: "I will now go away, or retract; I think I was wrong in I 955; I think I was wrong in 1959; and I think I was wrong in our televised debate to say that we should draw a line by leaving Quemoy and Matsu - drawing a line in fact abandoning these islands to the communists;" then it will be immediately out of the campaign because there will be no problem between us. 
Mr. WALTERS: Mr. President. 
Senator Obama, if you want to give us your list of priorities, there are real questions about whether anything can be done immediately. 
I think this is the second time that General Brown has made a statement for which he must have apologized. 
They're in such clean facilities... 
These Sandinists entered and betrayed the confidence of the revolution; they said it was democracy, and they did nothing but consolidate their Marxist domination over this country. 
We don't know what the world is going to throw us on the road. 
I know them well. 
It's such an honor for e.d. I, too, appreciate Senator Biden having to meet you, finally, and have to debate with you. 
According to my plan, it will be -- its solvency will be extended until the age of 100. 
We have the technology to do it and we should do it. 
How does that catch you up to increase housing? 
The planes were in the air and our negotiators were talking to the dictator there. 
He proposed that no children be left behind. 
There's no bigger problem. 
And I think that was an advantage. 
(Laughter) BRUNO: Okay, I don't point any fingers. 
I can tell you. 
So I'm saying it's very simple. 
BUSH: I assume she supported the decision on McDonnell Douglas, I assume she supported me with the decision to sell these aircraft. 
Mr. Nixon is leaving the Republican party. 
I don't know what it would be, but if we can find one, I think the world will be better. 
PENCE: Well, first of all, thank you, Elaine, and thank you to — thank you to Norwood University for their wonderful hospitality and to the Presidential Debate Commission. 
And everyone says they take their responsibilities. 
We're the ones who went to the table in INF. 
And I think that if you look at the situation as it exists here in the United States in relation to any other country in the world, it seems to me quite obvious that if we respect the rights of hunters and athletes, we need common sense security measures to stem this flow of weapons coming into the wrong hands. 
But I reserve the right, as President of the United States, to meet with anyone at a time and place of my choice if I think it will keep America safe. 
It's all good. 
I think that shows the difference between the two sides. 
That's why I said that new jobs with growing revenues, investments, not additional tax cuts that would add $5 trillion to the debt. 
I am not satisfied when the Soviet Union is twice as many scientists and engineers as we are. 
Do I think I have some responsibility for the fact that too many of our children still don't understand that drugs are bad, drugs can kill you. 
And let me congratulate you on your interest in public life. 
That is why Senator Hagel, a Republican, says, you know: beyond the pitiful, beyond the embarrassment, in the dangerous area. 
Recognize that we have a voluntary army. 
Nikki, this is an issue that has been raised by many people across the country. 
My five-point plan does. 
It makes life much easier. 
And that is, I want to give relief to middle-class families and to people who are trying to get into the middle class. 
We have $40 billion for Bermuda. 
You did not release a single year of isolation on your income tax return. 
I don't think we should spend money on private schools. 
Yes, sir. 
Number three, we need to make sure that none of this money is meant to ruin CEO bank accounts or promote gilded parachutes. 
I have a lot of experience not taking 10 years to solve a 10-minute problem. 
Frank Singiser has the first question for Vice-President Nixon. 
Mr President, I am asking you a question. 
What the... 
How can you convince the American public that the world would be safer under Carter-Mondale? 
FORD: As we have seen this evening, foreign policy and defence policy are difficult and complex issues. 
There are many points I want to make tonight, but the most important thing is that 20 years ago, I became the luckiest man on Earth because Michelle Obama agreed to marry me. 
And she inflamed our party and the people from all over America who were never involved in the political process. 
We have done a lot more, and I hope we will have an opportunity to talk about it. 
I therefore hope that we can begin to move these resources. 
You have several times... 
You just heard Governor Romney say he has no different ideas. 
And all this talk about cronyism. 
I want the people of Latin America, Africa and Asia to start looking to America; to see how we do things; to ask me what the resident of the United States is doing; and not to look at Khrushchev or look at the Chinese communists. 
We can convert corn into ethanol, and I would support it very strongly. 
China can be our partner, but -- but that doesn't mean they can just roll us around and steal our jobs on an unfair basis. 
They want to reduce the capital gains tax, but only for the owners. 
We wanted to have the right to self-determination in southern Africa. 
Mr. President, I'll be right back. 
And you can go buy your own insurance. 
Mondale stated that he did not agree in private with Jimmy Carter's decision to impose the grain embargo. 
And we're going to be financially responsible. 
And that is why it is essential that we do not leave. 
So more debts and less jobs. 
So we need to bring communities together to start working on this issue as a mutual goal. 
I started campaigning twenty-two months ago. 
But I am totally opposed to discrimination. 
Liberal, conservative, you put the label you want on it. 
He got, he got the bronze star. 
TRUMP: The secretary said very loudly about working with — we have been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest disorder anyone has ever seen. 
Please_20 seconds. 
That's remarkable. 
I wasn't there when this stock market dropped my hands and told me that it was the end of the world as some political leaders were, because it's not the end of the world. 
I recommended to Congress that we develop the uranium enrichment plant in Portsmouth, Ohio, which is a public facility - the U.S. government and indicated that the private program that would follow in Alabama is the one that could or might not be built. 
Under the law of that country for 200 years, no State was required to recognize the marriage of another State. 
That is why I think the Senate was right, including a majority of the Democrats, a majority of the Republicans, when they rejected Senator Kennedy's position in 1955. 
Our energy policies are a disaster. 
He owes an apology to the President, he owes an apology to our country, and he must take responsibility for his actions and words. 
I don't have any business there. 
If Roe v Wade is overturned, what would you like to do to Indiana? 
It's math that doesn't add up. 
In addition, I charged them 25% for dumped steel, because they were killing our steel industry. 
And there's going to be an Arab summit, neighbouring countries. 
Look, it's a plan -- by the way, this $6,400 number was misleading, so it's totally inaccurate now. 
It's Manpower Services. 
If I am interested in understanding my foreign policy, I join my second, Joe Biden, or Dick Lugar, the Republican member of the Senate Committee on External Relations, or General Jim Jones, the former NATO Supreme Allied Commander. 
So we can't just dig our way out of the problem. 
We have waged a chemical war against our children on the streets of this country all day long, and we do not have the will to extinguish it. 
They tried to have a national health care plan. 
The reality is that Dr. Fauci said everything he said to the President of the Oval Bureau, the President told the American people. 
First of all, in the case of the Carter administration, the sacrifices would be much less important. 
Senator Obama refuses to recognize that we are winning in Iraq. 
It was determined by the play of a coin that Governor Carter would take the first question, and he now goes first with his final remarks. 
Imagine we did it at that time. 
Russians have a lot of influence in this part of the world. 
Leave me -- you don't go through the UN. We are doing this now -- and it's been months -- to make sure that aid, humanitarian aid, and other aid and training reach the forces we believe, the Turks believe, the Jordanians, the Saudis believe they are the free forces in Syria. 
Gentlemen, you may not have noticed, but we have lights around here. 
And I am disappointed that Secretary Paulson and others have not made this their priority. 
The Chairman replied that this had not happened or, if he had done so, that it had been resolved later in a committee. 
They are historic, strong and lasting. 
Hon.PALIN: Yes, Senator McCain supports that view. 
That's the big problem. 
It's called the mission son of a bitch. 
And if you remember four years ago, we had not only increased unemployment, but a lot of growing cynicism. 
Ninety per cent of the victims are American. 
TRUMP: We talked to the scientists who are in charge... 
Can you tell us under what circumstances a re-elected Reagan administration would consider the use of force in Central America or the Caribbean? 
We were not very lucky to talk about it in the last debate. 
I think that's a good example. 
We must create the products of the future. 
I think we need to respect life in order to do so ethically. 
So when you lower these rates, these small businesses are able to keep more money and hire more people. 
I'd end up -- I mean, that's the last question and I'd characterize it badly to try to make you happy. 
We're a bowl of goldfish before the world. 
I would like to say with the humility necessary to respond to this statement that I believe that what I would bring to the office of the vice-presidency is a lifetime experienceâ€TMs experience. 
It was a way of spending things that had nothing to do with VOCID, as with your question, but it was really a big rescue for cities and mismanaged democratic states. 
I mean something, Jim. 
Many of the countries below that said, well, that this is the problem of the United States -- if you get the drop in demand, then we wouldn't have the problem -- work together with the DEA and the army. 
Specifically, how would your administration get people back to work and how long will it take? 
Seventeen million Americans, who live more than sixty-five on an average social security check of about seventy-eight dollars a month, are not able to maintain themselves individually, but they can maintain themselves through the social security system. 
And I supported those and I know how to repair this economy, and eliminate our dependence on foreign oil, and stop sending $700 billion a year abroad. 
When will you start worrying about our people here in the United States of America and move our country? 
Not only that, we're going to reduce costs by pooling catastrophic costs, so we're going to cut premiums. 
That's a big part of your 17 percent increase in health insurance premiums. 
And the way to defeat them in the long run, by the way, is to spread freedom. 
I don't think this is an example of "talking softly." 
For each topic, candidates will have one minute and 15 seconds to respond. 
I think where there are differences between me and Joe in background and experience, I have obviously spent a lot of time leading large organizations both in the private sector and in the government sector. 
Is he wrong about that? 
It's from Alden (ph) in Hewitt, Texas. 
Let's see it that way. 
Given the very large budget deficits that you have accumulated and are still in prospect, how can we promise further tax cuts and achieve your objective of balanced budgets? 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, thank you very much. 
I'm afraid I'm too much to hire our military around the world. 
Let me give you an example. 
More specifically, the economy was discussed at length the other night in the presidential debate. 
The president trusts the government. 
Do I get my time back? 
He and I had war disputes. 
We know he's still in Baghdad today. 
And this particular bill allows patients to choose a doctor, their own doctor if they wish. 
I have just received an Air Force report indicating that the cost of the 30-year life cycle of this system will be $100 billion. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator Dole, the Chair said in his opening statement that we are better than we were four years ago. 
She made history protesting against segregation in school. 
President Bill Clinton has shown considerable courage, vision, wisdom and leadership by ensuring that our country takes the initiative to rally our allies, to bring the warring factions together in Dayton, Ohio, and to conclude a peace agreement that ended the war in Bosnia. 
Secretary Clinton also fought. 
And they want to stack up the Supreme Court with judges who will take away the right to privacy. 
But when these huge deficits came into effect in 1981, what we call real interest rates -- the gap between inflation and the cost of a loan you doubled -- and that's still the case today. 
Oklahoma? 
But as far as our foreign policy is concerned, you seem to want to import the foreign policies of the 1980s as well as the social policies of the 1950s and the economic policies of the 1920s. 
Again, if I get up there, if you send me, we're going to have some frank discussions on this. 
How does it work? 
No one has done more for the black community than Donald Trump. 
Give or take a - a few billion dollars, give or take a single system of arms, our political leaders, and I think you too, gentlemen, seem to be setting about the same strategy in the world at about the same budgetary cost of the Pentagon. 
It would destroy our country. 
Number two, we're going to increase our trade. 
My question is, does your party have any future plans to reduce the capital gains tax, especially for retired Americans? 
But I'd like to go to another place. 
I'm still talking. 
I have seen the family values of all those people in America who kill themselves by working harder for less in a country that has had the worst economic years in 50 years and the first decline in industrial production ever. 
She said... 
One of the people who is here with me today met a woman at the airport saying that her son, Jess, could have been present at the birth of his child because of the Family Leave Act. 
And that's one of the reasons it's in our interest. 
We have been discouraged for too long. 
I'd like to know what that means. 
Because freedom has taken place in this part of the world, but much work remains to be done, however. 
This is morally and socially unacceptable in a modern economy. 
That's what Washington needs. 
Mondale, another way to tackle the deficit is to cut spending further. 
They both said they were Vietnam veterans who supported me because I had an economic program to get them back to work. 
So moving from oil to coal, focusing on research and development on the use of coal and also on solar energy, strict conservation measures, not to give every time special interest groups uh - put pressure on the president as uh this administration did, and use atomic energy only as a last resort with the most strict safety precautions possible. 
Keep in mind that our strategy wasn't just after Bin Laden. 
We saw him embarrass women on TV and Twitter. 
I love strong women around me. 
I think it's worth it, because I think -- I know in the long run that a free Iraq, a free Afghanistan, will set such a powerful example in a part of the world that is desperate for freedom. 
We're going to tax -- cut taxes and balance the budget. 
What is this plan? 
JENNINGS: Well, governor, and vice president Bush, you both talked about tough choices tonight. 
It's so great to be back at Longwood University in Farmville, a. s is a very special place. 
It's not a lot of money compared to what I said that buildings were in question, they said in the same report, which was — in fact, it wasn't even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. 
He says, "Well, let's admit that the administration did business with Noriega. 
I have a lot of time after the elections, as you know. 
Go on. 
And the first question is for President Bush and it's for John Horstman. 
And in America, we believe in a free and open exchange of debates. 
What Nancy Pelosi said about the same thing. 
And now, what we have to do is focus on the things we're really good at and make sure we get a fair deal. 
We hope she will stay with us. 
This, however, increases taxes for those who pay social security. 
Why wait long, Dan? 
But we must also step up our airstrikes against ISIS and, ultimately, support our Arab and Kurdish partners in order to effectively eliminate ISIS in Raqqa, putting an end to their claim to be a caliphate. 
Mr. Drummond: Yes. 
To go back to the first question. 
But you need more than that. 
East is the most dangerous place in the world. 
I think that if the United States maintains a strong society here in the United States, I think we can face any internal threat. 
Now, in particular, what we need to do is to cap non-economic damage, and we also believe that you need to limit the sentences that the trial lawyers withdraw from all of this. 
I welcome you to the first presidential debate. 
There will be no tax increases. 
There's a big difference in this campaign. 
A disaster. 
Vice President Quayle. 
Just let me say that. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, frankly, do you think the economy will get worse before it gets better? 
TRUMP: Would the oil industry be shut down — would you shut down the oil industry? 
And what Mr Perot has suggested is that we try to review the incentives, the incentives that are in our current way of doing business, are what kills us. 
I do not think that our human rights record can be assailed. 
You can look everywhere and you'll see strong first-class women. 
He sent a mission - the President - in 1955 by Mr. Robertson and Admiral Radford. 
DOLE: I think the fundamental difference is, and I've had some experience in this, I think the fundamental difference, I trust people. 
Two weeks before that, he said George -- we made great economic progress under George Bush's regime, the economy was strong. 
When Joe Biden was vice president, they promised to do so and never did. 
He's gonna keep saying that five-billion-dollar plan, I guess. 
Yes, there has been an increase in poverty, but it is a lower rate of increase than it was in previous years before our arrival. 
In fact, it is growing much slower now than when you made this statement. 
You know, I've often said — the cure can't be worse than the problem itself, and that's what's happening, and it wants to close. 
Which one didn't they get? 
Or maybe he doesn't want the American people looking at you tonight to know that he didn't pay anything in federal taxes, because the only years that no one ever saw were a few years when he had to hand them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license, and they showed that he wasn't paying federal income tax. 
And we now know that he was not out of the loop; he was in a meeting after hearing Secretary Shultz and Secretary Weinberger oppose it, and yet he supported it. 
That is the kind of leadership I want to provide as President of the United States. 
And I did my best tonight to expose my plans to move forward towards an even better future in the next century. 
Tell him directly. 
It's Wieghart. 
Just give me a job. 
We would put money in the hands of hard-working people, who obey the rules, who play for the American dream. 
And the American people saw for themselves, on Thursday night, the strength, determination and backbone that I myself saw to John Kerry. 
It's okay. 
I want to keep the line on taxes, and keep this the longest expansion in modern history going until everyone in America benefits from it. 
President Bush? 
I don't think he said a word. 
What he did was to say. 
First of all, I love great schools. 
I remember when Herbert Hoover was against jobs for people. 
Admiral Stockdale. 
But I think it is important that we have a position, that we take it, and that we declare it to the American people. 
I know I'm ready. 
That's another trillion dollars -- that's eight trillion dollars. 
There are limited places where this was appropriate. 
We have to do a lot of things. 
God bless America. 
When we stop the arms race, we make this world a safer and healthier world, and it is a patriotic act, and when we keep peace, young men do not die, and it is a patriotic act. 
Japan will host a summit. 
Mr. LEHRER: I understand from your answer, Mr. Vice-President, that in a recent interview with the "New York Times" when you said that you wondered whether or not Governor Bush had enough experience to be president, you were talking about strictly political differences. 
When the Democrats, that is, this last turn for the last two years. 
PENCE: What we have always done – 
Today, a leader like Ahmadinejad who is neither healthy nor stable when he says things like this is not the one we can afford to acquire nuclear energy, nuclear weapons. 
El Salvador went to the polls, Mr. Duarte was elected by 70 per cent of the population by voting 70 per cent in a certified free election. 
And a great first lady. 
WELKER: Okay, let us talk about your different strategies to deal with this. 
They deserve a strong economy. 
Quick response, Vice President Biden. 
I tell people on the country track, when I asked Laura to marry me, she said, "Well, as long as I don't have to make a speech. 
And I think when you make a mistake, you say I made a mistake. 
Second, I didn't say we had the worst slums in the world. 
Mr. GORE: Thank you very much, Mr. Lehrer. 
Here in America, we cannot agree, we can debate vigorously as Senator Harris and myself on this stage tonight. 
Health insurance and social security are bankrupt. 
That is absolutely not true. 
See that the young people of America, in particular, have faith in the ideals of freedom and faith in God, which distinguishes us from the atheistic materialists who oppose us. 
The President's management, Mr. Trewhitt. 
And so, since they have done nothing, let us continue to build because an arms race leads to nothing, it leads to another arms race, and that is all. 
TRUMP: I don't think we're going to have a dark winter at all. 
But what -- are you in favor of the good system, Governor? 
I only have 30 seconds. 
But that's not the tax relief that people get up there. 
That's not true. 
Young children are not, even younger ones are not. 
There was a deal. 
GIBSON: Senator, 30 seconds, less time. 
I have a good relationship with Vladimir. 
One of his bills that was cancelled - he got only one vote in the Senate and seven votes in the House, Republicans. 
It will be requested by Ann. 
You treated him with terrible disrespect. 
I'm also a former law enforcement officer. 
Our position was at the airport. 
That's what I'm gonna do when I'm president. 
The next question is to Governor Clinton, and Gene Gibbons is going to ask her. 
And I'm going to hunt down and kill the terrorists, wherever they are. 
I know how it feels. 
It didn't work, and we need a fundamental change. 
And that's what this country should do. 
The point is, they're gonna decide what to think. 
We did more for black colleges than any previous administration. 
I don't have time to answer that? 
It is not worth doing that for what seems to be the possibility of six months of oil, seven to twelve years from now. 
Mine doesn't work like that. 
It's too high. 
Mr. Governor, allow me to ask you a question. 
Once we have broken out — once we have crossed the lines and allowed the competition to come... COOPER: Are you going to leave — are you going to have a mandate that the Americans must have health insurance? 
And we have put unprecedented trade pressure on China. 
Mr. Vice President, you are still not frank with the American people. 
They were lucky enough to cut your tax. 
It does not take into account the expenses it demands, for the accelerated development and deployment of a new strategic manned bomber, for a permanent fleet in the Indian Ocean, for the restoration of the fleet to 600 ships, for the development and deployment of a modern dedicated aircraft interceptor. 
You have already given us your reasons why people should vote for you, tell us now your last question, why they should not vote for your opponent, why his presidency could harm the nation and, after examining both your opponent's file and the man himself, tell us his greatest weakness. 
Here are some promises I'm going to make to you now. 
Yeah, that's right. 
But when I closed, he said, it's a terrible thing. 
His tragic death was a great consequence, a great tragedy for all those who care about peace in the Middle East. 
Let me tell you a story about Joann Crowder in Detroit. 
But it didn't mean that. 
DUKAKIS: The tone we just heard could be the tone we have for the rest of the campaign. 
I think it is correct to say that Mr Ford's position on arms control has changed. 
This was decided by the play of a coin. 
We have simply not taken full advantage of the opportunities offered to us in Latin America. 
We want to give our public schools back the greatness they once represented so that each parent has the opportunity to choose what is best for his or her child and that every child has the opportunity to participate in the American dream. 
You talked about the worst economy - BRUNO: Wait a minute. 
And the worst symptom of this disease is what my friend, Tom Coburn, calls posting as an entry drug, because it's a gateway. 
But no, you don't want to reform the health care system to reduce costs through medical mistakes. 
I heard you say this time. 
Hundreds of thousands of members of the National Guard and the Reserve have health care because of the work I have done, and the children have safer drugs because I have been able to pass a law that requires that the dosage be more carefully e.g. I was Secretary of State, I went around the world to defend our country, but also to defend women's rights, to ensure that women had a decent chance of having a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to reduce nuclear weapons. 
Of course, this does not imply the hiring of American troops. 
Why did our government do that? To lower interest rates. 
We must anticipate some of these problems in advance. 
49th for women with health care and 50th for families with health care. 
Senator Bentsen voted twice in the United States Senate to delay adjustments to the cost of living. 
SHAW: Senator, I will continue. 
Was it the risky buyers who shouldn't have bought a house? 
I think it depends on what we do. 
And, indeed, he said that women should be punished, that there should be some form of punishment for women who get abortion. 
We will follow science, but, again, Senator Harris denies that they will increase taxes on all Americans. 
We are not going to support the $300 billion tax cut they have for America's businesses and the very rich. 
Okay, then we'll move on to the next question. 
The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy, we have Mosul. 
For example, in Cleveland Clinic, one of the best health care systems in the world, they actually provide large, cheaper-than-average care. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, what is your attitude towards Cuba and how should Cuba be dealt with? 
The highest 1% will pay one third of all federal income taxes. 
Let me tell you this: To fight terrorism, there is only one candidate who can do it, and it is Hillary Clinton. 
I agree with that. 
Kathy Shelton, this young woman is here with us. 
Why not release your tax return or stop talking about corruption? 
These high interest rates - the real rates that doubled under this administration - have had the same effect on Mexico, and so on, and the cost of repaying these debts is so huge that it leads to massive unemployment, hardship and grief. 
Many of them are model citizens. 
I think the Americans are sick and tired of any of the solutions, people being pushed into the corner, polarized to the extreme. 
They're plotting. 
How many of you are in a situation where you lost your mother or father and you couldn't even talk to them, you had a nurse holding a phone so you could actually say goodbye? 
To deal with Iran. 
I believe in her. 
Their ideas are old and their ideas are bad, and they eliminate the guarantee of health insurance. 
Now, like anyone who works hard looking for a public post in the campaign, inevitably you will sometimes use a rather graphic language and I am guilty of that as I think most others in the political arena. 
And he was a bullwark one-man against minimum wage increases in a. e second component of the plan is massive tax relief for the top, trillions of dollars of tax relief for people just like Donald Trump. 
It was a matter of principle in America's national interests and values. 
And he was chased by Mayor Bloomberg. 
I think you will find the difference reflected in our budgets. 
Second, if you are a family of four who earn $50,000 in Massachusetts, you get a 50% tax reduction. 
When we worked hard to end the North Korean nuclear threat. 
That's what they count as small businesses, because they're gone. 
He's going to help these families, and he's going to create incentives to start creating jobs in this country. 
Speaking of Vietnam, you spoke to Congress in 1971, after you returned from Vietnam, and you said, by saying, "How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?" 
And by the way, they won't pay more than they did under Ronald Reagan. 
Yeah, I think so. 
New spending. 
You will vote. 
And it happened with few shots. 
I am talking about giving him four or five tools - not only the committee of inquiry that he now has under the injunction provision, not only the injunction, but also the power of the commission of inquiry to make recommendations - recommendations that would not be binding, but would nevertheless have a great force of public opinion behind them. 
But all those who are here, we want more jobs here. 
I think we need to invest in education and training. 
But I would also like to point out that I was not part of what we are criticizing in Washington tonight. 
The first thing you do is not let the jobs go. 
Let me tell you what I'm gonna do. 
But with regard to abortion, and I have the feeling that it was -- there was a reference without naming it here in Mr. Mondale's remarks related to the injection of religion into the government. 
So why doesn't the same logic apply in Syria? 
Mr. President, the country's eyes tonight are on hostages in Iran. 
And then we also have others on which we work very closely with other countries, particularly Europe. 
And by the way, the whole idea of what all this is going to do, it's going to create millions of jobs and it's going to clean up the environment. 
We want to ensure that the Taliban do not return and give Al-Qaida a safe haven. 
There, you cannot support this position. 
And, in fact, the Secretary of Defense said yesterday that he did not know any solid evidence of the connection. 
They are sons, they are brothers, they are fathers, they are uncles whose families are still today, some of them, who suffer the consequences. 
It's the United States of America. 
Oh, you don't have one? 
So you can put it down, but it's a very effective form of communication. 
They don't know anything about the climate. 
Iran claims that Israel is, he says, a stinking corpse, a country that should be wiped from the face of the earth. 
Now two guys come through your door to your company and say, "We'd like you to change," without offering a lot of details. 
(Applause and applause) BENTSEN: It is you who make the comparison, senator - and I know him well. 
Oh, I'm sorry, sir. 
We have to tell our friend in China, you play aggressively. 
I would say I didn't hear what Yassir Arafat had to say, but I don't want to -- you know, I think foreign policy, I want to be very careful, and I'm not here to discuss the president with an ongoing foreign policy issue. 
It's becoming their property. 
You're not freaking out. 
It just shows that he has no understanding of immigration or laws. 
But in the end, it was us, BACKUS. 
COOPER: The first one goes to Secretary Clinton, because you started the last one at the hearing. 
And thanks to the people here at Danville College Centre, Kentucky, they've done a huge job of making this possible. 
The values, the judgment and the record I've collected in my state should also count for something. 
Take a look at all the drugs we do. 
Before we begin, a correction to last week's debate. 
And a few days later, I was there to greet the coffins that arrive at the base of Andrews' Air Force and weep with the families. 
But they're essentially American, I believe in them. 
Manufacturing jobs also increased in the 1990s, if we really are going to look at the facts. 
I have a file where I voted against my president on the replacement of the Clean Water Act. 
I suggest that if Formosa is attacked or the Pescadores, or there is military action in any region that indicates an attack on Formosa and the Pescadores, then of course the United States is at war to defend its treaty. 
And Senator Obama, who, after promising not to vote to cut funds for troops, did the incredible thing of voting to cut funds for troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
WALLACE: No noise, except right now, as we welcome the Democratic candidate for President, Secretary Clinton, and the Republican candidate for President, Mr Trump. 
The minutes show that President Roosevelt vetoed an average of fifty-five bills a year. 
The manual - several thousand of which were produced - was distributed, ordering political assassinations, the hiring of criminals and other forms of terrorism. 
I mean, we remember when President Kennedy in the Cuban missile crisis sent his secretary of state to Paris to meet DeGaulle. 
What about Senator Kerry's point of view, his comparison of priorities to go after Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein's? 
I supported a significant increase in the safe and drug-free school program. 
BUSH: Well, Sander, that's a good question, and the answer is: for 40 years, we've kept the peace. 
But you can't reject him that easily. 
Drummond, I am never satisfied with the economic growth of this country. 
Ten million people have registered to vote in Afghanistan in the upcoming presidential elections. 
I don't know how you draw this line. 
If you are Christian, Jewish or Muslim, you are also American. 
They want to extend it to one program. 
TRUMP: The families we're talking about are heavily employed and they make a lot of money, more money than they've ever made. 
To what extent are you sincere in your efforts to control, in fact, the nation-state that is the United States? 
That's why I led. 
China is a large country, divided into many provinces. 
We will work with your employer to reduce the cost of your premiums to $2,500 per year. 
I said in 1992 that he did not give President Bush that courtesy. 
But fourthly, we must also work with allies to share and raise intelligence. 
We've reduced the cost of health insurance. 
Mr. GIBSON: Mr. President, we will now look at domestic policy issues. 
We will reform our intelligence services to ensure that we get the best information possible. 
Our army is the second in the world. 
We're starting to do it. 
They show that you claimed a loss of $916 million, which means you could have avoided paying federal personal income tax for years. 
You know, she gave it to s. there, if she had a problem — for 30 years she's been doing this, Anderson. 
Of course, the President of the United States, the world's highest post, the largest office in the world, has a responsibility to young people, as we discussed earlier. 
In the first debate... [laughs] RADDATZ: And really, the public has to calm down here. 
Our opponents don't. 
I want to change the character of the presidency. 
Your health care plan requires building on Obamacare. 
And so, yes, sometimes I agree with some of these groups in Washington and sometimes I'm not. 
I don't want to pay any tax. 
Of course, we have the support of the Democrats, but also of the independents and Republicans, in fact, seven members of President George W. Bush's cabinet support our post. 
Do you believe that Senator Dole is a man of the past and that if he were elected president, he would lead the country backwards? 
I can see my wife and I think she says, "I'd like him to go out in the private sector. » 
We wanted to link him to social security. 
We put it this first summer on a bipartite basis. 
Okay, I'm not gonna cut the funding for education. 
The prices of prescription drugs, we will allow our governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because when they have just paid a small fraction of what we do. 
Certainly (inaudible) and as you said here tonight, you both respect our troops very much. 
The interpretation of Vice-President Cheney's Vice-President? 
We must control this growth with inflation and population growth, but not increase taxes on the American people now. 
In the Far East, I believe that we must continue to be strong and to pursue the normalization of relations with the People's Republic of China. 
He just raised taxes last year. 
And second, you said that the government should not be involved in decisions. 
You have to do it. 
He left -- we have now presided over the largest increase in the size of government since the Big Society. 
MORGAN: Senator, last May in Oregon, you discussed the possibility of sending excuses or regrets to Khrushchev about the U-2 incident. 
May I remind you both, if I can, that we operate according to rules that you have signed and when we have a discussion, it's really to be confined in about a minute. 
You cannot tell me that the day we entered this war and that it started -- it was mainly the United States, America and Great Britain and one or two others. 
We're going to restart the engine, because... WALLACE: Mr. Trump? 
But I don't want to do this because it puts me in a bad position. 
The evidence is that 50 per cent of college graduates this year cannot find a job. 
The tax burden, I think, is necessary. 
We can take care of our own poor so much better and more effective than asking the federal government to tell us how to care for our poor. 
It won't work. 
Let me say what I have already said about this question of forgiveness. 
MEMORY_OF_AUDITENCE: Are any of you interested in finding a feasible way to reduce the price of drugs such as education on reducing consumption, redesigning the FDA process or streamlining pharmaceutical companies' procedures instead of simply finding more money to pay for them? 
KENNEDY: Well number one on Indochina, Mr. Nixon spoke - before the newspaper editors in the spring of 1954 about putting, and I quote, "American boys in Indochina." 
You've learned a lot from financial disclosure. 
I hope you go to N.M. and you review my entire policy. 
There will be no opening statement of candidates or closing summary. 
Everywhere in the world, thousands and thousands a month, distributing them all over the world, it goes away and as I say, we round the corner, we round the corner, it goes away. 
You did a lot of it because you were at the office. 
Mr Levy with a question for Vice-President Nixon. 
And his own management and budget office testified that he had $3 billion reduction insurance added to the defence budget - the defence budget under pressure from the Pentagon. 
I needed them there. 
The administration deserves the merit of having it run. 
But we have faced it and we have done it, and we believe it is a just and shared sacrifice. 
John Kerry and I are going to tell the American people the truth. 
Yes, and I'm sure many, many Americans have been deactivated by the revelations of Watergate, a very, very... bad period in American political history. 
Let's move on to another subject. 
I want this country's future to be as bright and bright as its past, and it can be if we have the courage to change. 
Thank you so much for being here. 
You don't finance long-term debt with short-term money. 
It means success. 
What do we do? 
It hurts farmers. 
Well, we, the living Americans, went through four wars. 
Maybe all but one. 
I do not believe that anyone who supported Roe v. Wade is part of these qualifications. 
We have a plan to reduce taxes on middle-income families as part of a balanced fiscal plan, eliminating the deficit and protecting Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
We must make choices, we recognize that. 
By the way. 
It turns out that in Obama, the last three years as president, more jobs have been created, one and a half million jobs, than in the first three years of your presidency. 
Well, let's look at the President's policies, rather than rhetoric, because we've had four years of politics going on. 
And now this economy is growing. 
And as governor of my state, I was able to get 100% of my insured people, all my children, about 98 percent of adults. 
We must renegotiate our trade agreements, and we must prevent these countries from stealing our businesses and jobs. 
That's what he - that's what he and his Harvard buddies think of the American farmer, growing endive Belgium. 
It comprises twenty-five per cent of all members of the General Assembly. 
I'll answer the question. 
Farmers have gone bankrupt because of this. 
He has executive orders that have no power. 
Let us support our legislation where we completely eliminate the contributions of special interest and political action committees, and ensure that the individual contributes and that political parties contribute to them. 
We have a growth rate of about two and a half percent over the last four years. 
It was a church on Sunday morning and grace before dinner. 
We have too many polls and focus groups in Washington today. 
We need growth-friendly policies that develop our economy and fiscal health in the Congress halls. 
One reason is, you know, the third most important item of our budget is interest on the national debt? 
We need to sit together on the other side of the table. 
However, I support my candidate for the position of Vice-President and he will do a remarkable job. 
How do you answer -- CLINTON: I agree with him. 
Earlier in the campaign, when you were asked why you obtained an office post at the National Guard after being trained as a welder, you said at the time that you had a very strong training in journalism, which was at the time of summer jobs in your family newspaper, which you were not very close to what they were. 
We have the Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal candidate respected by all. 
FERRARO: I think what I'm going to have to do is start correcting the vice-president's statistics. 
CLINTON: ... to sign the immigration reform, and George W. Bush also supported it. 
And my view has been, as opposed to politicizing a problem such as health insurance, in other words, to retain it as a problem, hoping that someone will bite it and try to burden them with it for political purposes, this year, in the year 2000, it is time to do so once and for all. 
This is a bill at the beginning of the year. 
We will keep the lid on some of these programs that we can hold back because we have some extra money to spend on these quality of life programs that I believe are necessary and necessary. 
Thank you very much tonight, Jim. 
But then I made a decision: "Run as well as you can — to my people, to the great people — "Run as well as you can. I could have gone on the other road and made everyone very unhappy. 
And I've made a clear plan on how to do these things. 
People need help. 
And we will look for ways to maintain the solvent in the future, focusing primarily on the wage tax cap. 
They all have a lot of anxiety over there. 
I'm looking at the lights. 
Yes, and I will apply it to Congress too. 
And so what we're saying is to deny these gaps and deductions to higher-income taxpayers so that more of their income is taxed, which has a broader tax base...BIDEN: Can I translate? 
It all happened. 
One is to control nuclear weapons, which I hope we will have to do later because that is the most important issue in this campaign. 
OBAMA: We are taking the lead. 
Rights. 
I saved the taxpayer $6.8 billion by fighting a market for a few years, as you remember, it was a deal between an aircraft manufacturer, the DOD, and people ended up in jail. 
You're talking about Roger Revelle. 
Milosevic's government refuses to release the voting account. 
The next question for Senator Obama is section F, and it is Katie Hamm (ph). 
I supported, in fact, a bill in the Senate that would have banned late abortions, except in cases where the mother's health or life was at stake. 
Now, why did we succeed, since our predecessors did not succeed? 
It's the one I... okay, Honest Abe, Honest Abe never lied. 
They're very effective. 
It reduces education by $450 billion. 
Is it expensive? Yes. 
I was in the South Bronx right where President Carter was in 1977. 
Our people want to go back to work. 
We lost our job. 
It's been untangled, but it never prevents him from saying what he means. 
PENCE: I just want the file to think, it never answered the question. 
So I hope we can try again. 
They were for a department of internal security -- I mean, they were against the department of internal security; then they were for that. 
We have men and women wearing our uniforms in substandard housing. 
The longer it lasted, the more people, groups like Al-Qaida go there. 
I saw it with our wonderful Ronald Reagan, a California Conservative, and the Liberal Democratic Tip O'Neill of Massachusetts. 
And you're right, I didn't veto spending bills, because we're working together. 
But shouldn't we save and invest for our own retirement too? 
And at that time, they'll be like apples falling from a tree. 
My panel colleagues are John Margolis from Chicago Tribune, Tom Brokaw from NBC NEWS and Brit Hume from ABC NEWS. 
In my opinion, it was the same kind of wool thinking that led to a disaster for America in Korea. 
IFILL: Senator, 90 seconds ago. 
These two measures are not only against your spouse, but also against all civil and educational rights organisations in the country. 
And above all, I want a strong nation. 
Wait a minute, Mr. Vice President. 
The Vice-President suggests that we have the same number of countries involved now that we had in the First Gulf War. 
In fact, your plans would add even more to t. h. of you were governors who balanced government budgets. 
Congress has adopted twice overwhelming margins, a significant number of votes of both parties, the prohibition of partial abortions at birth. 
And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see. 
Guys, the test isn't if you've added money; the test is that you've done everything possible to make America secure. 
The fact is that since the opening of the reserve, the price of oil in world markets has fallen by $6 per barrel. 
But in one way or another, there were original copies 12 that came down there and were not submitted for this printing process by the CIA. 
And that's the right cause. 
And now I've recovered. 
The rich pay a higher percentage of the total tax burden. 
And I think it is important to look at what we need to do to boost the economy. 
And so in order to put pressure outside the borders, in order to make borders safer, I think there should be a temporary worker card that allows a voluntary worker and a voluntary employer to mate, as long as there is not an American willing to do this work, to join in order to be able to meet the needs of employers. 
But recently, your racing companion, Mr. 
That kind of thing hurt us a lot. 
A great American hero. 
Credit card debt has never been higher. 
No one proposes to send troops to Syria. American troops. 
And Bob Dole would never veto this ban on partial birth abortions in the third trimester of a woman's pregnancy. 
It's a disaster. 
He got a notice or he didn't. 
BUSH: I heard Gov Clinton congratulate us on one thing -- the first time he said something nice about this administration. 
MEMORY_OF_AUDITENCE: What do you think of MSOs and insurance companies that make critical decisions that affect people's lives instead of healthcare professionals, and why are MSOs and insurance companies not held accountable for their decisions? 
Ms. Ferraro has some differences with Vice-President Mondale and I understood that she had changed her position on tuition tax credits. 
Y compris Bork ? 
And I want to keep him alive in child care and other rights. 
And we must certainly reform this tax code, which is the product of this terrible century of war, recession and inflation. 
The most recent one was Brighton's. 
There are independent hacking groups that do so mainly for commercial reasons to try to steal information that they can then use to make money. 
He said Bob Dole's solution to every problem was to raise taxes. 
It's very important. 
If you have -- if you're wasting the surplus on a huge tax reduction that goes especially to those at the top, then you can't make education the top priority. 
I strongly support the new responsibility, as do Governor Bush. 
I'll be happy to take care of it. 
Now, I hope people understand that Medicare today is important, but it doesn't follow the new drugs. 
But what we should also do is get them to give us more burden-sharing in national defence. 
We tried both approaches. 
Now, let me mention another thing, and it's self-deportation that says people make their own choices. 
What we didn't talk about was Senator McCain's plan. 
I'm not an extremist here. 
But this light shines today. 
Mondale, as you can understand from the question to the President, the famous war against poverty obviously did not end the problem of poverty, even if it may have affected it. 
My mind is prepared to take steps to remedy these elements of injustice while respecting the traditional religious and civil institution of marriage. 
And it's just a fact. 
Let me give you a quick example. 
The democratic platform and others say five percent. 
And it's, uh, the point of my first statistics that I've given you - that the current tax benefits that have been cut over a long period of years - fifty years - by sharp tax lawyers and lobbyists have just benefited the rich. 
We brought them back here in Ohio and Michigan. 
That's the mentality. 
We look like we're back in a circle. 
And it will apply in Afghanistan, and it will also apply in Iraq. 
I think that would happen. 
And inevitably, they will be reluctant to hire Hispanics or people with a different accent. 
There aren't any. 
Do you have any solutions to suggest? 
BROKAW: Thank you, Senator McCain. 
But he said he'd release his tax returns. 
I got it in every proposal I sent to Congress. 
I did it because I also hope that we will discover remedies from stem cells and derived research. 
Your time has expired. Thank you, Vice President Pence. 
Modern weapons take a long time to build. 
They weren't ready. 
And I think we have a powerful country. 
And in return, if states want -- they don't have to, they can choose -- they cover up to 300 percent of poverty. 
We have opened 260,000 new jobs in the army to women since I was president. 
(Laughs) SIMPSON: Thank you. 
It must be on the calendar of the people we are trying to bring to the peace table. 
I never promised. 
Saddam Hussein, you mean, get him out of there? 
The question is for President Clinton. 
But it's people who determine it. 
Mr. Mondale proposed the quarantine, not Ronald Reagan. 
I don't want to send troops. 
The national oil production rate has been the lowest in 46 years. 
And of course, he'll raise your taxes. 
We are fighting for cross-cutting tax reforms, and most importantly, we have a plan at the moment to reduce taxes on middle-income families with several specific provisions. 
And so you have higher administrative costs, plus profit in addition to that. 
Now, the other superpowers have to do their part. 
And a lot of public schools are responding to the call. 
In addition, about 750 to 1000 people die a day. 
And so I think it's time to have this Noriega stuff in perspective. 
So you say, "It was worth it?" 
You stole my follow-up, that's what you stole from me, so why don't I let her give me the follow-up. 
We still have, I think, a society that -- where we have not yet done enough to live up to that standard that we would all like to live up to. 
And, look, this probably explains the biggest fundamental difference between John McCain and Barack Obama and Sarah Palin and Joe Biden -- Governor Palin and Joe n.f. you don't understand what the cause is, it's practically impossible to find a solution. 
For a healthy retirement system, for prescription drug benefits for their parents. 
DOLE: Well, the AmeriCorps program, I have to say, if it's one of your successes, I wouldn't talk too much about it. 
And I think we should get — because we pay about 73 percent of NATO's cost. 
There is a huge difference of opinion. 
Oh, I think her file is talking about herself. 
And we're not gonna stop in high school. 
He has no legal support. 
In these circumstances, I think they would refrain from pushing us on their knees as they did in 1973 with their previous oil embargo. 
Five, including two republican states. 
I would not meet Mr Khrushchev unless there were agreements at the secondary level - foreign ministers or ambassadors - that would indicate that the meeting would have some hope for success, or a useful exchange of ideas. 
FERRARO: Well, what he showed was that - and it's really that I hired an accountant who was with our family for well over forty years. 
We have said very clearly from the beginning - not after reflection - that we must face Saddam Hussein and that we must have a coalition and a plan to succeed. 
That's it? 
They took the underwater port. 
Some have been charged, others have been convicted. 
And let's go to the - right to the first question - the Employment Training Partnership Act. 
Bill Clinton, one day he's paid or at stake, the next day he's for pay or at stake. 
And we need to solve a lot of problems. 
And can I say, too, that I hope that Senator Kennedy will change his position in this regard - change it; for as long as as he is a great candidate for the presidency, he continues to suggest that we return to those islands, he has only encouraged the aggressors - the Chinese communists and the Soviet aggressors - to put pressure on the United States to press us to the point where war would be inevitable. 
And I read in the bulletin about teenage pregnancies, about the difficulties families have to face. 
Again, there will be a follow-up. 
It is therefore clear who does not want a commercial war. 
Maybe. 
But I want to put our resources where I think they are most needed: to get rid of any violent person. 
And when we asked the president the other day, "What do you want to reduce in the budget?'', he said, 'Cut those things I asked but didn't have.''' 
Lehrer: So that means -- in other words, you agree with President Bush; doesn't it? 
They don't like the use of the word, but I remind his strong supporters that last year only in primary school, to capture this democratic nomination, he said, "I am a progressive liberal democratic." 
The new match — Russia's aggression, whether in Ukraine or now their laborious approach...KAINE: You love Russia. 
Of course, we don't have Medicare, but we haven't cut Medicare by $716 billion. 
MCCAIN: It also supports the right ones. 
They now hold a trillion dollars of our debt. 
And I think she'll do a first-class job at the Commission. 
In fact, I brought the Republicans and Democrats together to do exactly that in the state of Texas to get a patient's statement of rights. 
CLINTON: ... you may not be able to have insurance because you can't afford it. 
There's nothing political about it. 
Half of the American Hispanics drop out of high school. 
I say it the way it is. 
We covered a lot of ground, not everything I thought we'd do. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): We have just concluded almost the whole debate. 
And I think you said it in a rope, too, at one of your rallies. 
They should. 
But I think we should talk clearly to the moguls in Hollywood and the people who produce this stuff and explain the consequences. 
The biggest private property in the house, but I'll make a promise here. 
You won't find a quote from me. 
I think, in terms of equal opportunities, that we judge people as individuals. 
I said that we would once again be respected in the world and that we would rebuild our national defence where we could deal on the world stage, and then seek disarmament, arms reduction and, hopefully, the elimination of nuclear weapons. 
But, once again, spending more money is not always the answer. 
Let me tell you how I feel. 
Number three on pension funds, I don't know that much, but I'm gonna say it. 
There are all kinds of ways to create jobs in the city centre. 
There are the right ways to do this, and then there are ways that are ineffective. 
Why -- why did people talk about demonstrations? 
Mr. Nixon constantly distorts my figures, which is of course his right, but the fact is: this is where I stand and I just want to have it on the public record. 
The President's path means 20 million unemployed people fighting for a good job. 
There's a quarter of... 
I get calm in the storms of the presidency. 
John Kerry voted for the largest intelligence credits in the country's history. 
Then he went to the Russians and said, let's see if you can do anything. 
Election day is November 3. 
I have promoted our programs abroad for economic and military assistance. 
First of all, Bob, thank you for moderated tonight. 
"Donald J. Trump calls for a complete and complete closure of Muslims entering the United States until the representatives of our country can understand what is happening. 
I choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
But I still have to, unfortunately — this is one of the reasons why I think we are going to take control of the House because of it. 
KENNEDY: Well, Mr.Nixon, I'm going to give you the testimony of Mr.George Aiken - Senator George Aiken, a minority member of the ranks - a Republican member - and a former chair of the Senate Committee on Agriculture who testified in 1959 - said that there were twenty-six million Americans who did not have the income to afford a decent diet. 
Susan, thank you. 
We must get rid of this provision because it kills regional banks and small banks. 
But it's not Obamacare anymore. 
I then talked to him; he said, Gerry, it's not good enough. 
China had a space launch and a walk in space. 
I wrote about it in... TRUMP: You called it the gold standard.TRUMP: You called it the gold standard of trade agreements. 
Earlier, we are sending equipment to help these hungry little children in Somalia. 
But we never accomplished it, but we never left it as he did. 
I have learned to know the people of the country over the past year and a half that I have done this as a politician. 
CLINTON: Well, Jim, I think the federal government should give people the tools and try to set the conditions in which they can make the most of their lives. 
What would I stop spending? 
They don't touch the basic system itself. 
And I finally -- I thought I didn't understand -- called all the experts, and they said, oh, it'll be disruptive for 12 to 15 years. 
Some say we should wait until we're attacked before we use force. 
Some of this money is in the hands of terrorist organizations. 
But our long-term security depends on our deep faith in freedom. 
The only implication I had with ACORN was to represent them alongside the U.S. Department of Justice to make Illinois an automobile voter law that helped people register for VDDs. 
How, in particular, are you going to tell the American manufacturers that you need to come back? 
Yes, I think we need more troops. 
Well, last month, we had our third bombardment, the first time, the first embassy, there was no door up, the second time, with our Marines, the door was open. 
Can I have the last word on this? 
This is about where we are now. 
I think we've been fighting since the first day to do something about downtown. 
That's the liberal approach. 
Let's move on to Afghanistan. 
Mondale.' 
But what is also important to us to understand is that for America to succeed in this region, there are things that we will have to do here too. 
As far as Al Gore and Joe's plan are concerned, they are not reforming social security. 
Now they want to make waffles... 
This means that you can take a line and cut part of the pork from a significant bill. 
It doesn't happen. 
They were first against the 11 September Commission and then against it. 
I wouldn't use force. 
I want to be very clear about what I said. 
All these things can be done. 
The taxation of people over $200,000 will not provide you with $150 billion. 
States like Arizona, Rhode Island have taken these -- these Medicaid dollars; they have shown that they can deliver these programs more cost-effectively. 
- Gene? - Yes. 
CLINTON: I think we should take a different approach to this and talk about our position on the issues instead of trying to characterize the motivations of each other. 
And what we've seen over the past four years is something I don't want to see over the next four years. 
The reason you raised this issue, are you suggesting that these figures and this issue will reflect how Governor Bush will operate in this area of health insurance as president? 
Soyons clairs. 
But we don't -- we really believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman. 
And I would like to see those who are talking about forgiving the debt, Senator Bentsen, going out and talking about a farmer who is in debt and who does not have his forgiveness. 
BUSH: I remember sitting at the White House looking at these generals, saying, "Do you have what you need in this war? Do you have what you need?" 
He wants you to think I can't be president. 
You know what I had to do in the state of Alaska? 
We presided over the largest increase in government since the Grand Society. 
Baghdadi had kept her for 18 months, mistreated her ruthlessly before they killed her. 
I want you to sit down, Governor Romney. 
Make sure we bring the manufacturing industry back to our coasts so that we can create jobs here, as we did with the automotive industry, without rewarding companies that ship jobs abroad. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I certainly hope not. 
First of all, Ahmadinejad is not Iran's most powerful person. 
When you think about immigration, you have to understand that there are people all over the world who still see America as the promised land. 
Why did he get it? 
I will then present the questions that will be discussed. 
He was told that it was a serious virus that was spreading in the air, and that it was much worse than the flu. 
Do not reduce interest - NOVINS: - a reduction in federal debt. 
GORE: I'll let you all understand the rules, I have a few points I want to do here, and I still haven't received an answer to my question about when you're going to start worrying about this country, but I want to expand on it before -- QUAYLE: Why the Democratic Congress doesn't -- why doesn't the Democratic Congress pass the President's bill? 
I've been a hunter since I was 12, 13. 
I don't think you can deny that. 
BIDEN: Well, again, I think John McCain was here -- and that's a dangerous thing to say in the middle of an election -- but he would recognize what I'm going to say.I was able to work through the alley on some of the most controversial issues and change the spirit of my party, as well as the Republicans, because I learned a lesson from Mike Mansfield. 
Times find out, $250,000. 
We can promote the cause of equality in our country. 
And all this time, the people I fought for were middle-class families, and I was willing to defend powerful interests like the big insurance companies, the drug companies, the HMOs, the oil companies. 
I will have day-to-day activities with all members of the government. 
And one of the big debates we had with 23 of my colleagues trying to win the appointment I won, said Biden wanted to allow people to still have private insurance. 
I mean, I — we — we — we cry with those who cry. 
I want to double the dividend from $3,500 to $7,000 for every dependent child in America. 
One I don't think it will be an effective tool to do -- keep our society safe. 
We found that inspectors were rewarded for the number of fines they had imposed. 
I will leave you absolutely... and the rest of the answer, far away from the note. 
When you have seven and a half million people without work, and you have three times as much inflation as during the last eight years of the democratic administration, when you have the highest deficits in history; when you have, uh - become increasingly difficult a family to put a child in college or to own a home, there is a natural tendency to be turned off. 
I'm excited about our prospects as a nation. 
PENCE: ...is amazing for the American people. 
It's also a pleasure to be with my two opponents tonight. 
We threw him out of order. 
That's what we're talking about. 
This is something the next Secretary of the Treasury will have to work on. 
I broke up with organized crime. 
Last year, Congress passed a bill that would make it more difficult for mortgage holders who are under debt to declare bankruptcy, to get out of that debt. 
The only building that was guarded when the troops in Baghdad were the oil ministry. 
Our opponents are going to spend $1.6 trillion on the projected $1.8 trillion surplus on this significant tax reduction that Al Gore talked about the other night so effectively. 
We should have a strategy that will build the economic and industrial base. 
Let me repeat this: John McCain voted against an amendment containing $1 billion, $600 million that I had obtained to obtain the MRAPS, these things that protect the governor's son and pray to God my son and many other sons and the s. e. voted against. 
These words mean something to me, as someone who has been in combat. 
That's not what I said. 
And you can be part of our America and you can cross this bridge until the 21st century with us. 
Of course I do. 
I think our faith tells us, teaches us, about the moral life we should lead. 
They're not equipped. 
I think we have a real obligation, obviously officials. 
You can't stay there, Governor Clinton, and say, well, I think I would have been -- I supported the minority, let sanctions work or wish it would go -- but I would have voted with the majority. 
It's a wonderful question. 
I want this next generation to be the best educated in American history, to invest again in the human spirit and science, so we're at the forefront. 
What Senator McCain does not mention is that there were 26 of them. 
And I'm here as someone who, a long time ago like the county attorney in Russell, Kansas, one of our jobs every month was to go through all the social assistance checks and sign them. 
The order of these, as well as that of the formal interrogation, were all determined by a drawing. 
Is that what you want to do? 
There are hundreds of millions of acres of land that have been removed from government circulation for whatever reason, that the most competent oil geologists believe probably contain more oil and natural gas than we have used so far since we drilled this first well 121 years ago. 
You are the leader of the Democratic Party. 
Each of you will have two minutes to answer this question. 
Don't you call it extremely negligent? 
They had several offshore companies that avoided taxes. 
He suggested that there were a number of other elements in this area of exhaustion that could be taken into account. 
Because we are the first in the world in space, as I said; we are the first in science; we are the first in education, and we will go even further with the kind of leadership we can provide in those years to come. 
The candidates are Vice-President George Bush, the Republican candidate, and Governor Michael Dukakis, the democratic candidate. 
I shouldn't have done it in terms of rotation. 
I am not as confident as it is that we will be the strongest military power by 1963. 
I mean, there's a lot going on, a lot of opportunities. 
Maybe the vice president has an answer. 
There are American jobs that are lost. 
And you can hear the audio to tell her that. 
That's right. 
Mr. BRUNO: Senator... 
Four years later, he promised another plan. 
And let me say that when you inherit the level of economic disaster that President Obama inherited, it was a real situation of contact. 
America has many families with problems today. 
Oh, I'm sorry. 
I read a report, or memo, from someone in his 1988 campaign -- I forgot the name of the colleague -- and I warned Senator Gore to be careful to exaggerate the allegations. 
I prefer the property to the house. 
We do better than many countries in the world. 
QUESTION: Should the United States respect Pakistani sovereignty and not prosecute Al Qaeda terrorists who maintain bases there, or should we ignore their borders and pursue our enemies as we did in Cambodia during the Vietnam War? 
Mr Nixon knows very well that, in this case which was involved in the so-called religious discussion of this campaign, I have never suggested, even through the vagueest involvement, that he has done nothing but disapprove of it. 
Hon.SCHIEFFER: Anything to add, Senator Kerry? 
I respectfully submit that, too often, Senator Kennedy would rely too much on the federal government, on what he would do to solve our problems, to stimulate growth. 
The approach referred to by Governor Romney is the same as that taken in 2001 and 2003, and we ended up with the slowest job growth in 50 years, we ended up moving from surplus to deficit, and all this culminated in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. 
Under my plan, 97 per cent of small businesses would not have their taxes increased. 
Vice-President Gore, can you indicate a decision, an action you have taken, which illustrates your ability to manage the unexpected, the crisis under fire? 
Obviously, the president wants to leave in ambivalence or intends to cancel it. 
Six of my predecessors who served in the Oval Office called for this guarantee of women's rights. 
Before the thrust happened -- so you're a little frank with me here too -- before the thrust happened, we said they'd come out by the end of the summer. 
We can't make 12 months' decisions in this case. 
EDWARDS: First of all, with regard to what is happening in Africa, Russia and elsewhere in the world, the Vice-President spoke about $15 billion for AIDS. 
There is a need to improve education in this country. 
SCHIEFFER: Senator Obama, your campaign has used words such as " erratic," "out of reach," "lied," "angry," "losing its cues," to describe Senator McCain. 
I'm not in a public service right now. 
Ahh - but, uh - let me go on, because a main topic in everyone's mind was the environment. 
And on behalf of the governor, you helped us enter Libya and the coalition we organized. 
And there are such differences, I would follow Barack's policies because, in essence, I agree with all the major initiatives he proposes. 
And we will continue to do so over the next four years. 
(Applause) LEHRER: And now, the first question determined by a reverse of a coin is to Vice-President Gore. 
Then you go to your pharmacy. 
Let me ask my question. 
And I'm sure you'll try to do it again. 
We've created a mess, we don't have much to show and we need to fix it. 
It's about making sure everyone pays taxes on the income they earn and making sure you take all the savings that there are higher income levels and give it to low- and middle-income families. 
I watched years and years outside, businesses closed and people lost their jobs because China didn't play the same rules, partly by artificially maintaining the value of their currency. 
And then it marked one after the other "ism" on millions of Americans who believe that we can have a stronger America at home and abroad, who believe that we can move this economy, who believe that we can end illegal immigration once and for all. 
It's a $500 child tax credit. 
And I told them very clearly that we were not looking for any superiority. 
I mean, we can have a round-trip debate about the merits of each other's campaigns. 
But we are not going to do it in this old democratic and liberal way of trying to build more bricks and mortars. 
Now, Senator Kennedy has made some very strong criticisms on my part - or on an alleged part - about what happened in Cuba. 
Let me come back and answer your question. 
Yesterday, Mr. Trump said he was using the laws brilliantly to pay as little tax as possible legally. 
KAINE: Governor, President Bush said we would leave Iraq at the end of 2011. 
The Americans want their children to be educated. 
We put in place a simple government structure that could be administered fairly and that was a huge success. 
You get a $5,000 tax credit if you hire someone who is unemployed, but you must already have an existing business. 
[Applause] KALB Nuclear Gel: Mr.Mondale, in this general arms control area, President Carter's National Security Advisor, Zbigniew Brzezinski, said: "A nuclear freeze is a hoax. » 
President Eisenhower worked very well with a democratic Congress. 
And then let's take the last, small business champion. 
There is no doubt in my mind that we would step up if Saddam Hussein had been in power. 
You're going to raise taxes on the middle class. 
It's... it's math. 
And one thing that John Kerry and I agree with you is that it's... IFILL: You just used John Kerry's name. 
But it is not only women, and it is not only this video that raises questions about his ability to be our president, because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latin Americans, people with disabilities, prisoners of war, Muslims, and so many N/A that Donald Trump is. 
You know, Hal, I wanted to bring Gore's book tonight, because I thought he was gonna make a Bill Clinton on me and he did. 
Are you talking, to be more credible - what the President can do, stand before the United Nations, say to the whole world, communicate directly to the Ayatollah, we will not let them acquire a nuclear weapon, period, unless he talks about going to war. 
You keep your own insurance. 
- Isn't that right? 
Remember, there was a trillion dollars in debt before we got here. 
Did he deliver? 
You can't solve a problem unless you diagnose the problem. 
And that means that we need to deal effectively with tax policy. 
We thank God every night of our lives that a young woman had the choice, that she had the opportunity to choose life. 
How were you calm when your children couldn't see your parents because you feared they would kill them? 
Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to increase the Syrian refugee program by 500... [crosstalk] KAINE: Elaine, I want...[crosstalk] QUIJANO: Governor, the question was about local culture. 
And Democrats like Republicans, I think, recognize his expertise there. 
However, there are no restrictions on the questions that my colleagues and I could ask tonight. 
Let's make our schools safe, make sure our neighborhoods are safe. 
But the price of everything is rising, and we all know it. 
And you cannot change your position in this war against terrorism if you expect to win. 
Many of his friends have taken greater deductions. 
And the president has a regular opportunity to call them a currency manipulator, but refuses to do so. 
I think we have a long way to go, unfortunately. 
Is it smart not to pay for veterans? 
Senator Bentsen spoke about the whole of Central America. 
We could have it. 
The federal government doesn't do that. 
We need to do better in terms of job recycling. 
But we shouldn't have been here. 
Last week, he said they spent $3.7 billion, or $4.7 billion. 
We have too many lawsuits. 
They cannot be prosecuted. 
Mr. President, I'm going to move us forward. 
It was the weakest recovery since 1929. 
Should the voters of this election, Vice-President Gore, consider this in the national zone as a major choice between competing political philosophies? 
Yes, I can. 
I wouldn't be a conservative if I were. 
40,000 people per day under VOCID contract. 
I suggest that these proposals can be mentioned. 
I have drawn up a plan by which I think we can succeed in Iraq: with a summit, by making better formations, faster, by cutting -- by doing what we need to do about the UN and the elections. 
He trusts the government to order a woman to do what she thinks she has to do. 
I look at this as history. 
With the United States, as he said, not so much. 
TRUMP: But we don't have to worry about it because I finished it. 
I said that our economic plan would create eight million jobs, we have ten and a half million new jobs. 
And we need to do a lot of work in Africa to promote democracy and trade, and there are -- the vice-president mentioned that Nigeria is an emerging democracy. 
What is in the interests of our people? 
Governor Reagan will answer Marvin Stone's first question in this section. 
We're going to the next segment. 
The president said he was going to build a real coalition, exhaust the remedies of the UN and go to war as a last resort. 
But for a ticket that wants to talk about change and look to the future, there's just too many finger points upside down to make us think that's where you're going. 
I suggest that there are literally thousands of unnecessary regulations that invade all facets of business, and indeed much of our personal life, that are useless; that the government can do without; that have added $130 billion to the cost of production in this country; and that contribute their share to inflation. 
OBAMA: This probably has more to do with our economic future than anything and it means that it also has an impact on national security, because there has never been a nation on earth that has seen its economy decline and has continued to maintain its primacy as a military power. 
And I think we now have so many examples across the country that we really need to find ways to put an end to it. 
So, it's conceivable that Governor Romney could lower gas prices because with his policies, we could be back in the same mess. 
Under Governor Bush, Texas sank to be 50th out of 50 in health care -- in health insurance for its citizens. 
The way we work together in this campaign is a sample. 
One of them I would be working on - and I am doing it as a farmer - I am trying to change the situation where we have seen subsidies go from two and a half billion to ten times more than under this administration. 
I showed the Americans I know how to run. 
One of the things I've learned in business is that you can expect you to inspect. 
Governor Romney has a different philosophy. 
And I think it's so important — one of the most important things we can do. 
After the United States took the initiative to work with Israel and Egypt and to reach the Sinai II agreement - and I am proud to say that no Egyptian or Israeli soldier has lost his life since the signing of the Sinai agreement. 
But businesses in the last three percent of businesses employ half -- half of all people working in small businesses. 
And I want everyone to know, who wears the police uniform every day, that President Trump and I are with you. 
I can tell you that tomorrow morning, a lot of people in Hempstead will wake up and fill up and find that the price of gas is over $4 a gallon. 
You said we should have gone to Iraq, despite the fact that there were no weapons of mass destruction. 
Mr. PAGE: Thank you very much, Mr. Vice-President Pence. 
But because of the melee in the Middle East, she is here today and was there yesterday and the day before, and everyone who has had experience in this field knows it is a very different thing. 
The warhead principle -- there have been counting rules for years. 
Yes, if we don't do anything about it, we could find ourselves unilaterally, if I can use that term, removing some of those weapons. 
And politicians on the East Coast who do not allow energy-producing states like Alaska to produce these, to draw from them, and instead, we rely on foreign countries to produce for us. 
Number one, I want to cut taxes for 95% of Americans. 
Now there's more work to do. 
And now to meet the correspondents' panel. 
And it's turning around. 
Here's the deal. 
Well, we have a comparison we can make. 
A deep scientist recently made another -- MODERATOR: You two have now raped -- excuse me. 
We stopped paying too much for insurance companies, doctors and hospitals. 
The New York Times reports that some Catholic archbishops tell their church members that it would be a sin to vote for a candidate like you because you support a woman's right to choose abortion and unlimited stem cell research. 
I know it's a controversial opinion, but I think it's a deterrent. 
Every time in this century we have lowered tax rates on employment, savings, investment and risk-taking in this economy, incomes have increased, not decreased. 
And we would focus on areas that have been either depressed or have lost a lot of defence-related jobs. 
Don't worry. 
Pakistan already has nuclear weapons. 
He's gonna pack his bags. 
PENCE: As the honourable senator has said, there is already a framework in this regard that has been recognized by the international community. 
And why is it so? 
I said, it's a terrible and stupid thing. 
We have to say that this is your tax incentive: if you create American jobs, the old-fashioned way. 
Right here. 
Are you planning to sign this bill? 
I understand, as well as, with all due respect, the governor or anyone else, what it is for these people sitting around the kitchen table. 
You're asking. 
But I'm telling you, these workers don't feel like that. 
She had the experience of doing t. e. went toe with Russia and protested when they went to Georgia. 
You don't know how many people died in Russia. 
And, uh - the only goal I'd see in the record of handguns and not long weapons of any kind would be to ban ownership of these weapons by those who used them in the commission of a crime, or who have been proven to be mentally incompetent to possess a weapon. 
We have the lowest spending per state and per capita in the country. 
Look at Paris. 
And I think I know what he meant by that. 
And in all six cases, he refused to defend his racing companion. 
(LAUGHTER) GIBSON: Mr. President, 90 seconds. 
This race is values, it's change, it's choices for the American people. 
They didn't get the tanks of this administration because we were under national construction. 
And, you know, we can't be -- we can't afford to be overheard. 
We're making progress, but until we're done, we won't solve the problem of neighbourhood crime. 
They said they were going to finance their No Child Left Behind; $27 billion in court today. 
African-American incomes have increased by 33 per cent. 
And that's something I'd like. 
And we're winning in Iraq, and we're going home. 
Tonight, I had the opportunity to discuss with you what to do to maintain this economy: keep taxes low, not increase the reach of the federal government, keep regulation low, reform legislation, a health care policy that does not empower the federal government, but empowers individuals, and an energy plan that will help us become less dependent on foreign energy sources. 
They must work closely with the law enforcement forces in these communities, not be alienated and rejected as a part of Donald's rhetoric unfortunately led. 
So I'm the only one who's not tarnished at that time? 
BIDEN: I'd like to have -- the "greatest job creators" are the hedge fund guys. 
Mr. May, I recently saw a study by Princeton University that indicated that the cities of America - the major cities in this country - were in worse shape today than they were in 1960. 
As regards the development of natural resources, I would pay as you go in the sense that they would be balanced and that energy revenues would earn enough money to finance the projects, in the same way as the Tennessee Valley. 
You know, I heard Sarah Palin's argument. 
I want our legal system to work better. 
For me, this concept is quite disgusting." 
It's a tax that taxes people twice. 
And as I have just said, I believe that the adoption of the so-called Title 3, which gives the Attorney General the power to protect constitutional rights in cases where it is not possible for the person concerned to lodge a complaint. 
Destroying life to save life is -- it's one of the real ethical dilemmas we're facing. 
Barack Obama and Senator Biden also voted for the largest tax increases in American history. 
Why would he do that? 
It's a nice installation. 
They weren't taken to abortion or something. 
We have a fundamental difference, an approach to agriculture. 
I'm a guy who wants to help with the experience I have, the American people. 
Meanwhile, the democrats in the Senate and some - and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. 
So I have tried to be very specific about what we can and should do, and I am determined to move the economy again, building on the progress we have made over the past eight years, but never returning to what caused us trouble in the first place. 
And because I have the same standards as I look at all these trade agreements. 
A point of veto that 43 governors in that country have, but not the President of the United States. 
You have a heated debate on these plans. 
Help people who suffer to acquire the skills they need to get the jobs they want. 
And I pay for every penny. 
We owe you a debt that we can never repay you. 
And a final statement by President Bush. 
You know, he said some time ago, he said he'd give up his tax increases if the economy was bad. 
We ask the public of the Convention Centre to comply with a simple basic rule: Please do not applaud or express approval or disapproval during the debate. 
I made mistakes by naming people, but I'm not going to name them. 
Donald thinks climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. 
GORE: We have a big difference between us on this issue. 
Let me ask you for a more immediate answer and start with Mr. Romney quickly than -- what can you do? 
The population of the United States could not, individually, have developed the Tennessee Valley; collectively, it could have. 
I know the CIA is already moving forward with one. 
And I suggested that, certainly, it was in their common interest, with ours, to avoid conflict and try to save the world and eliminate nuclear weapons. 
It just takes - people. 
But here's what I know. 
But we can absolutely be safe in the long term. 
There was despair. 
I am looking at your personal perspective on abortion and, more specifically, how you would like it to be applied as a public policy. 
This would change the basic tone and commitment that our nation has had since the Second World War, with al-Presidents, Democrats and Republicans. 
But the rest of the audience will pay for it. 
One last point. 
We are facing absolutely massive deficits; this administration has chosen to ignore it; the president has not managed to draw up a plan to deal with these deficits and if everything believes that everything is snacking roses, perhaps the vice president should join me as I travel to the country and speak to people. 
There would be no time for a president to decide; it would be decided by these remote computers. 
It's not a good deal for the American people. 
Hon.LeHRER: The next question is Senator Dole -- in this section. 
But I want a diverse administration, I think it's important. 
But there's going to be a new Congress. 
PENCE: Ronald Reagan also said that nuclear war should never be fought because it can never be won. 
General Twining said they were still doing it in 1959. 
That's not what the president said. 
GORE: I'm talking about the one that was proposed to deal with -- BUSH: No -- well, what the vice-chairman should not understand is that we have a hate crime bill in Texas. 
They went all the way to them. 
LEHRER: Senator McCain -- wait a second. 
We are now looking at 210,000 Americans who have lost their lives. 
Unfortunately, the economy is no stronger. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, a rebuttal. 
Secretary Clinton has done an extraordinary job. 
There was a good way to disarm him and a bad way. And the president chose the wrong way. 
It's a strategy that will succeed. 
GORE: If I thought there was no alternative, then I could feel differently. 
Now, what this board does is essentially identify best practices and say, use Medicare and Medicaid's purchasing power to help institutionalize all of the good things we do. 
I think these crimes are different. 
We're going to defeat ISIS. 
We had a good time. 
I think we were right to wear it. 
Because it was an opportunity for us to demonstrate what we were looking for in a race companion. 
This is an example of how often we can be associated with organisations whose particular positions we do not support, even if we generally support the hope that over time, especially if we can achieve these strategic arms reductions, if we can get a comprehensive test ban treaty, if we can negotiate with the Soviet Union and reduce the level of conventional forces in Europe with deeper reductions on the Soviet side, yes, at some point it might be possible to reduce defence spending and use it for important things here at home, such as jobs and vocational training, educational opportunities, health and housing and the environment and things that we all care about. 
He wasn't a maverick on almost everything that really affects the things people really talk about around their kitchen table. 
John Kerry and I think we can do better. 
I am proud to work with the Republicans and Democrats, what our nation needs. 
Women do not deserve equal pay if they do not do as good a job as men. 
I could probably give you further examples of decisions taken over the past 24 years. 
That's wrong. 
And thank you to the people of Hartford, our guests. 
And then he has the audacity to go down to New Jersey and tell the people of New Jersey that he's against the ocean spill. 
He called it an act of terror. 
Well, one thing. 
There is a great passage in the Bible that says, "What does it mean, brother, to say that you have faith if there are no deeds? 
In companies that can create the new energy economy of the future. 
We can move him. 
My name is Melissa Naudin. 
I had something very nice to say in there. 
So I don't want you to read my lips and I don't want you to read his lips. 
Let's go back to accepting responsibility for your actions. 
We have practically signed an agreement in Helsinki that the Russians dominate Eastern Europe. 
We simply cannot continue with this failed approach that does not suit us. 
And there is no end in sight. 
Answer? 
Now we have made it clear, with our allies, that when Milosevic leaves, then Serbia can have a more normal relationship with the rest of the world. 
Ken Karpowicz has a question. 
They're sent everywhere. 
And no one will be excluded on pre-existing conditions, which is a huge problem. 
And she ended up living alone by choice. 
TRUMP: Well, I think I should answer, because — so ridiculous. 
We need a fundamental change. 
I was in Dayton, Ohio, a week and a half ago, and I sat down with the Allen family who live next to a toxic dump and they're very, very concerned about the fact that these poisons infiltrate into the water they drink with their neighbors. 
It will take bigger cuts in health insurance than what I vetoed last time. 
People were — their lives were destroyed for doing a fifth of what you did. 
Castro during the elections in order to obtain the benefit of Castro's supporters in Brazil. 
More often than in foreign countries. 
I don't agree. 
I broke up with my party to balance the budget, and Ronald Reagan signed the tax reduction law that we voted for. 
Joe Lieberman and I gave them six months to clean up their numbers. 
In the details of our five-year budget plan, we propose more defence reductions than George Bush and Dan Quayle, but only 5% more. 
The journalists are Paul Niven of CBS, Edward P. Morgan of ABC, Alvin Spivak of United Press International, and Harold R. Levy of Newsday. 
It takes good and strong leadership. 
Over the past eight years, I have had the challenge of managing the rationalization program called Reinventing Government. 
I think it's fair to say that we have become quite polarized, perhaps because of the political season. 
Everything we can do. 
I think you need to have a system of primary and preventive clinics in our urban centres and rural areas so that people can have access to health care. 
It's the second in a series of programs that's unrivalled in history. 
And I started again in July, which we should do. 
I'd trust him. 
There is no country in the Middle East that now supports the Eisenhower Doctrine. 
I think we have to win. 
I would also like to see the overtime laws change so that we can have more flexible time so that, at the discretion of the worker, the worker, if you earn overtime, you can decide when you want that time to be taken, either in cash or on time with your family if you have a family problem. 
He came when he had a legislature entirely controlled by the other party. 
Young men and women - young men and women are committed to serving in the army to combat terrorism. 
We can't react like that. 
I don't think a president can unilaterally cancel it. 
If we could have stopped Rwanda, certainly, if we had the capacity, that would be something we would have to consider and act firmly. 
I know some churches do. 
I'm not for gay marriage. 
It hurt this country, and a president is supposed to command. 
It's a big project. 
You must be hard on Russia. 
CLINTON: If I had done so again, I would be able to answer the questions a little better. 
Any country that interferes with us will actually pay a price because it affects our sovereignty. 
Because he will not withdraw, because he is engaged in these islands, because we have not been able to persuade him to withdraw, we are in a very difficult position. 
They did. 
It can't be in America anymore. 
Six children were killed. 
This causes economic problems and troubles, and then we turn, as we did in Mexico, to save them. 
And Donald knows a lot. 
They want support, they want more training, they want more help. 
Dehors. 
Donald Trump will be 74 years old on the day of the inauguration. 
In addition, we have reduced inflation. 
And our ability to serve as an honest broker is something we need to feed. 
Now, the next president of the United States in his first year will be facing a very serious question about our defence of Berlin, our commitment to Berlin. 
CLINTON: Do you doubt military and civilian information? TRUMP: Our country has no idea. 
I do not think that this issue should be politicized because my file is clear and I do not believe that Senator Dole supports the use of drugs. 
I didn't say that. 
There are not enough rich and small businesses to pay all their expenses. 
I have a political question for you, Mr. Mondale. 
It is not government investment that makes businesses grow and hires people. 
They were in a position of responsibility at the White House. 
Yeah, it's done. 
I will put this in two segments so that you have two thematic questions in this single segment on the subject. 
The same with oil, the same with natural gas. 
It was a coin. 
And believe me, there are a lot of old boys in KGB. And the soldiers who loved him better than before. 
And do you promise not to declare victory until the election is certified as independent? 
DOLE: Well, bringing people together, again, it's obviously a responsibility that we all have. 
When I met her in Joe's garden and Jan O'Neill's in Midland, Texas, it was the classic garden barbecue. 
And we cannot do what Senator Obama wants to do. 
Well, Chris, I'm saying we need to invest more money in the Social Security Trust Fund. 
That they are appointed for life and that they must consider the Constitution sacred. 
Half -- one in two full-time students in the U.S. receives some form of federal assistance. 
My state of North Carolina wouldn't have to recognize a Massachusetts wedding, which you just asked for. 
For me, this means that we must pursue and balance this budget while protecting Medicare and Medicaid and education and the environment. 
Barack Obama didn't vote to raise taxes. 
The truth is that what you have in the rise of aggressive Russia, which has - increased its influence in Iran, which is now - now because of this agreement is on a way in the future to get a nuclear - the main state sponsor in the world of terror in Iran now has a closer working relationship with Russia because of foreign policy Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama and 150 billion dollars and the sanctions being all d. so, of course, Syria, I mean, it is really extraordinary that — Syria implodes. 
The things we have to do, I believe, that will reduce the sweet money, for example, that I consider to be one of those things that we have had to do because the Republicans have done it for so long. 
They really are not - they are not able to control their market very well. 
But they're back to help the elections. 
So what will be the message: "Please join us in Iraq. 
You were... CLINTON: At some point, we have to do some fact-checking here. 
I don't see the photo as dark as you mentioned in your question, Mr. Trewhitt. 
Twelve per cent of our gross national product goes to health care. 
Many people predict a recession. 
But this is another example where I think it is important to look at the file. 
But let us keep the children of this world chemical weapons. 
But I think we're all together, and I think the presidency is what Teddy Roosevelt said. 
And yet, Mr Bush, I do not think we should expect companies to provide health insurance to their employees, when responsible employers, a majority of employers in this country, do so and pay more for their insurance to reimburse hospitals for free care for people who are not insured, who have to go to this hospital. 
Well, thank you. 
You said in this campaign that you would maintain a stable defence budget, but you are on the board of directors, within the DUKAKIS Advisory Board: And, by the way, can I say that this is Congress' decision, and the president has accepted. 
Because in a recent TV ad, he showed that the National Association of Rifle says that if you are elected, they will work from your office. 
(Laughter and applause) It is an administration that has more than doubled the national debt, and they have done so in less than eight years. 
The candidates are: independent candidate Ross Perot, Governor Bill Clinton, Democratic candidate, and President George Bush, Republican candidate. 
As far as abortion is concerned, I accept my church's position on abortion as one - what we call a doctrine (inaudible). 
It won't be painless, but we have to do the work. 
I said it's okay. 
Everyone - every economist, every businessman - believes it. 
We saved him. 
There was a very dangerous period in my first three months, before we fixed things a little. 
I'm telling you frankly, Americans. 
In fact, you voted once for and spoke for six months about increases in the cost of living adjustment for social security. 
Here's the difference. 
From the depths of the recession, we have added four million jobs. 
Now, if the purpose of the tax code is to increase revenues. We should think, like John F. Kennedy, of lowering rates. 
You're using a lot of it. 
I would pass a hate crime law, as I said, and I guess I misunderstood the governor's previous position. 
I want to give people permanent incentives on the investment tax credit, such as President Kennedy and the Congress opened in the early 1960s to advance industry; a research and development tax credit; a low-income housing tax credit; a proposal for long-term capital gains for new businesses and business expansion. 
He's got a book called "No Apologies." 
Over the past week, I have really suffered from the unrest and death that occurred in the Middle East between the Israelis and the Palestinians. 
Not enough funding for mental health, not enough funding for addiction, schools fail, let them give to the cops. 
My passion probably comes from the fact that I believe in God. 
As the Governor of California, I have taken over the passage of the strictest air pollution laws in the United States - the strictest air quality law that has even been passed in the United States. 
10% of all emissions -- 10% of all emissions of hydrocarbons to air caused by 10% -- 100% of all emissions are caused by 10% of automobiles. Now there's a technology that would use infrared technology to identify cars that supply or pollution in our atmosphere. It's not able to be used because we're going to take every car driver in America, the 110 million cars, and charge them 17, 20 or $25. 
You just said, "I'll do it. 
This is catastrophic in some s. t. she wants to go to a single payer, which means that the government basically rules everything. 
Governor Romney, you can be short. 
It is the alternative universe of Washington, D.C., in relation to reality. 
You have cross-border attacks on American troops. 
I think we can save money with this very sophisticated concept, Andrea, that I know you understand competitive strategies. 
It's simple and simple. 
Where'd it come in? 
I'll be back in a second, won't I? 
We did. 
I think that's how you cut the deficit, not through the tax and expenditure program that we hear every four years, whether it's Mondale, Dukakis, who else. 
Is he going to ask China to do it? 
Let me ask you this question and we will move on to the question. 
We really need to nail the big intercontinental ballistic missiles, those that can hit us from Russia. 
That's why my proposal protects everyone by $25,000 a year or less from any tax increase, and treats that $70,000 and less in a way that is more beneficial than the way the president proposes a sales tax or a fixed tax. 
Let me give you some examples, I suppose, of the kind of person I wouldn't choose. 
But when we ask him, how are you going to do it, what deductions, what faults are you going to close? 
Let's try to keep quiet, then -- for the candidates and for the American people. 
OBAMA: The problem with an expense freeze is that you use an axe where you need a scalpel. 
President Bush changed his mind about whether an internal security service was a good idea or a September 11 commission was a good idea. 
At the American Conference - Inter-American Conference this summer, when we wanted them to join the denunciation of Castro and the Cuban Communists, we could not even ensure that the inter-American group would meet to denounce Castro. 
Let me tell you... [applause] HOLT: Mr Trump, could we just take 10 seconds and then we ask the last question... TRUMP: You know, Hillary hits me with huge ads. 
I do not like to see people deteriorate in an economy and a country deteriorate because our government has lost contact with people. 
He now wants to take the six-party talks we have — China, North Korea, South Korea, Russia, Japan and the United States — and undermine them through bilateral talks. 
But I'm not in favour of the plan that's so expensive. 
And their budget does not allow anything more for the acquisition of new weapons systems. 
ROMNEY: I'm going to help women in America get a good job by getting a stronger economy and supporting women in the workforce. 
I think you know that the last four years have not been as good as the President has just described it and that you do not feel that the next four years will be much better either. 
Children's credits. 
We spend more on our army than the following 10 countries together: China, Russia, France, the United Kingdom, you call it. 
Let me say that President Trump and I could not be more enthusiastic about the opportunity to see Judge Amy Coney Barrett become Judge Amy Coney Barrett. 
And the enemy must be right only once to hurt us. 
I would therefore like to ask the public here in the theatre to refrain from applause or any partisan demonstration once the debate is under way because it takes candidates time. 
But I'm telling you, if you talk to the teachers, they'll tell you it makes a difference. 
When you're president, you'll expect that. 
The president wants to do it right. 
But the American people have a president who is a businessman, he is a job-creator. 
And he does several things. 
We will have specific differences later. 
Small businesses are where jobs come from. 
And one of the things he said early when he chose, he said he chose someone who had an independent judgment and would not be afraid to tell him if he disagreed. 
I am. 
We need to invest and save. 
I wasn't the standard carrier. 
This is a very important objective, that is, to ensure that we continue to hope for greater independence on the part of these nations and to work with each of them separately. 
One of these ideas was to repeal the minimum wage, and several times this year Governor Reagan said that the main cause of unemployment is the minimum wage. 
And spending billions and billions of dollars as Bush apparently wants, although he himself has been everywhere on this issue recently-on Star Wars-in my judgment has no meaning at all. 
You have 99 other senators to correct this mistake, if that is a mistake. 
I am the only one on this stage to have pursued for-profit colleges for the benefit of our veterans. 
I think this will destroy NATO's integrity and strength, and I am totally opposed to that. 
They've abandoned manufacturing. 
There's one for people who have, and there's one for people who don't. 
Believe me, we are committed to preserving the environment. 
NIXON: Senator Kennedy has indicated on several occasions in this program this evening that I have missed his file and his numbers. 
I'm sure you didn't tell them about how we're going to reform the health system, as the president wants to do. 
I'll talk about both. 
Mr President, may I take you back to what you said earlier, and if I quote you wrong, please correct me. 
They delivered. 
Well, I'm going to tell you in one way that we're not going to get the foreign markets back, and that's if, in fact, we have another grain embargo Jimmy Carter. 
The voluntary national tests are in addition to the mandatory tests that we require from States. 
And you're going to see some of those kids in hospitals today who have been mutilated because they don't have weapons. 
That's how it works. 
If we build our economy as we should, we can afford to do these things and we must do it. 
I have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
That is my answer to that question. 
I will tell you what I think is the most scandalous thing in the political dialogue, both in this campaign and in the 1982 one. 
This is not the right path for America. 
I'm ready to do it, the vice president isn't. 
A few words on the order of our format tonight. 
We can begin to deploy more troops to Afghanistan as we also work with our NATO allies who are there to strengthen us and we need to develop our army. 
Schools are open. 
Well, the economy continues to grow slowly. 
That's the question. 
Last year, we had a trade deficit of almost $800 billion. 
Would fathers and mothers feel proud of themselves if they charged their children with debts like this nation is now -- more than a trillion dollars on our children's shoulders? 
What exactly would be the position of an administration of Biden Harris with respect to the Green New Deal? 
Senator VANOCUR: Senator, you promised the voters that if you are elected president, you will try to pass Congressional bills on medical assistance to the elderly, a comprehensive law on the minimum hourly wage, federal support for education. 
I didn't say I'd get the troops out in six months. 
Russia kills ISIS. 
Thanks for listening. 
We have to collect taxes to do so. 
And, number two, I said, and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because I was very strong on this point, and it was actually covered very precisely in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times, to be honest_but I said, they don't focus on terror. 
CLINTON: ...because it's an important part of the American experience. 
Half of African Americans drop out of high school. 
Fill the vacuum, because if you don't know -- if you don't know, Hezbollah will control it. » 
They have also rejected them in their reconstruction efforts in Iraq, which has consequences. 
Mr. PAGE: Thank you, Mr. Vice-President. 
KAINE: ... persecuting journalists... PENCE: That's it, it's a school. 
I mean, whether we like it or not, and we could be very politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. 
Conventional wisdom, Governor Palin, with you is that your Achilles heel is that you lack experience. 
But, as Senator Kennedy said in January of this year at this same press conference, the way you get higher salaries for teachers is to support the construction of schools, which means that all local school districts in different states have money that is released to raise standards for teachers' salaries. 
I think that under the presidents for Nixon and Eisenhower, they voted about 60 to 75 per cent of their legislation. 
As I said before, Jim, there will be things that will eventually have to be... 
Well, we'll deliver it right away. 
This is the last -- last main question. 
Therefore, you will have two minutes to refute. 
I do not see how you can run this country in times of war, in times of uncertainty, if you change your mind because of politics. 
We were able to lead our schools to be number one in the nation in my state. 
I'm a mechanical engineer. 
The first time I met you was when you walked on stage tonight. 
The answer to that was obviously no, and therefore I was elected to this post and promised a new start. 
Yes, I can. 
HARRIS: There was a team of disease experts that President Obama and Vice President Biden sent to China to monitor what is now predictable and what could happen. 
Or perhaps more important are the developments of interim weapons - and I am thinking of things such as the cruise missile and the Soviet SS-20, a rocket of intermediate range - making SALT irrelevant, bypassing the SALT negotiations? 
Allies KONDRACKE: Mr. President, I would like to ask you a question about negotiations with friends. 
I should see what they wanted to do, but I don't think that's the request. 
Mr Lehrer, I hope that we will have an opportunity to discuss drugs later in the programme. 
Governor Romney, and you're still talking about it tonight, talked about weakness, talked about the Obama administration's apology. 
Look at Lieberman, Giuliani, Romney, Lingle, and all of us who come from such a diverse context of politics and partisanship, all gathered at this moment, recognizing that he is the man we must leave -- lead us in the next four years, because these are tumultuous times. 
Secondly, I think we need to consider making elections more accessible. 
We have just had a conversation about the violence that ravages our cities. 
I therefore believe that we must control the growth of compulsory expenditure, in return to the question of this gentleman. 
But investing in businesses? Absolutely not. 
It's cheap to talk. 
Yes, sir. 
We must work collaboratively, not because we will compromise our principle, but because there is common ground. 
And I made a mistake. 
Okay, as I say, it's an open discussion. 
Mr. REAGAN: Mr. Corddry, it is a shame now that there are only two of us debating here, because the two who are here are more in agreement than in disagreement on this particular issue, and the only one who would disagree with us is the President, if he were present. 
Why has your administration not done anything to act against the Arab States that foment this type of terrorism? 
When the opportunity came, we saw him go to Baghdad to kill more Americans, President Trump did not hesitate and Quasem Soleimani left. 
I am doing it right now, especially because when we have Khrushchev in this country - a man who has enslaved millions, a man who has massacred thousands - we cannot continue to have a situation where he can point his finger at the United States of America and say that we are denying our rights to our citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, you mentioned Watergate, and you became president because of Watergate, so don't you owe the American people a special obligation to explain in detail your role in limiting one of Watergate's original investigations, that was that of the House Banking Committee? 
I beat him a lot. 
Why threaten our space satellites on which we depend? 
I think if you look at the failures of this administration that should be number one. 
This is appropriate because in a real sense, our discussion tonight will be about the kind of nation we want to be in four years' time. 
Dr. Kissinger did not say he would approve face-to-face meetings between the President of the United States and President -- and Ahmadinejad. 
Instead, I think that in the second quarter, we had a consumer price index of about 12%. 
It would definitely happen upside down. 
I congratulate him for leaving Osama bin Laden and for pursuing the leaders of Al-Qaeda. 
The system promotes a struggle between young and old, and moves the country towards polarization of these two groups. 
And Barack Obama first said he wouldn't do that. 
On Iraq, the president said he was going to end the war. 
Katherine, that's a good question. 
So the vast majority of small businesses would get a tax reduction under my plan. 
He wouldn't. 
THE PRESIDENT: Senator Kennedy, I would like to move the conversation, if I may, to a national political argument. 
SIMPSON: Mr.Perot, everyone thought that you had won the first debate because you were speaking clearly and making it appear, oh, so simple. 
I don't agree with their plan. 
I like old Joe Lieberman better than new Joe Lieberman. 
It was really a productive segment, wasn't it? 
When I graduated from college, there were many fantastic ways to get out of school and be part of it. 
I had the same position. 
More -- more -- more -- more people registered for Medicare Advantage after the change. 
We are so blessed. 
MCCain: A war in which I was, where we had an army, that it was not because of their own fault, but that they were defeated. 
The military aspect of the drug problem is under consideration. 
Ten years ago, he sat and I sat on a school reform board funded by one of Ronald Reagan's former ambassadors and close friends, Mr. Annenberg. 
I know what happened. 
Would it not be wise to use stem cells obtained without the destruction of an embryo? 
That's what I saw you do in this administration. 
I said over and over again, and it really upsets the Washington settlement, that we're going to inform people in detail about the issues through an electronic city hall so that they really know what's going on. 
The candidates asked me to thank the U.S. networks and affiliated stations for providing time and facilities for this joint appearance. 
The other part gives them a lip service. 
And unfortunately, she doesn't have that. 
Education. 
And part of what we have to do, what the next president has to do -- and that's part of our judgment, it's part of how we're going to keep America safe -- is to send a message to the world that we're going to invest in issues like education, we're going to invest in issues that -- that relate to how ordinary people are able to live their dreams. 
There are just over 100 criminal investigations in the Ministry of Energy that have been launched into the way stimuli... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Martha... RADDATZ: Go ahead. 
Now you refused to answer the question, Joe Biden refused to answer the question. 
They delivered 21 percent of the interest rates. 
So its best short-term help is job retraining, if it was thrown out of work in a defense factory. 
I have a plan to control health care costs. 
When you stop and think we're only drilling on 2%. 
And we keep our workers for tomorrow's jobs. 
That's not how you cut -- you cut all the pork. 
It has already brought 1.9 million people from social assistance to good jobs. 
You should talk to coal miners. 
This is maintained with technology. 
Blacks and other non-whites are growing in our cities. 
Now, the representatives of the candidates and of all the radio and television networks have agreed on these rules: none of the candidates will make an opening statement or closing summary; each will be questioned in turn; each will have the opportunity to comment on the other's answer; each journalist will ask only one question in turn. 
And Governor Bush and I want to make sure that the first thing we do is to ensure that these payments, those benefits, and the promises that have been made continue. 
Now we have to take measured action because the feeling within Serbia is, for understandable reasons, against the United States because their nationalism - even if they don't like Milosevic, they still have feelings that focus on NATO action there. 
That's not fair. 
I doubted their judgment. 
You are now facing this terrible tax increase as a last resort. 
I should have expected a better deal that would have protected the taxpayer and that would not have ended up doing what we had to do, or what I thought at the time would help him. 
And if we did -- and I hope we can; we're always looking for -- and if we could find a weapon that makes these missiles obsolete? 
You advocated the arming of the rebels, but it seems it's too late for Aleppo. 
Now, you know, look at this -- listen very carefully to this. 
I am very pleased that the Little Rock Fraternal Police Order, Arkansas, supported me because I think they see that I am trying to strengthen anti-crime legislation. 
CLINTON: We need to have a transition plan to convert from defence to a national economy. 
At one of the recent economic summit conferences between me and the other leaders of the Western world, we committed ourselves to taking vigorous action against terrorism. 
And from these five, I've always chosen the first or the second. 
These are some of the things that our nation has committed itself to, and we will pursue these commitments. 
REAGAN: Well, I can't say that I did this round table and I sat down with the Chiefs of Staff, but I said that it seems to me that this could be a logical step in what is my ultimate goal, my ultimate dream, and it is the elimination of nuclear weapons in the world. 
Why pursue a strategy that would delegate to computers the question of the beginning of a war? 
That's where they live. 
We must have clinics. 
Is this not an aspect of leadership for prominent democrats like yourself to encourage responsible spending cuts, and thus reduce the deficit? 
But the government mandates, I... I'm still a little nervous. 
We should rally the world to act and we should demonstrate this through our own movement to provide helicopters to bring the 21,000 forces of the African Union there now to put an end to this genocide. 
We will respect our commitments to maintain freedom and independence in West Berlin. 
And we have now reached a historic agreement on arms control. 
Vice-President Pence, President Trump has repeatedly refused to commit himself to a peaceful transfer of power after the elections. 
Bill Clinton has a hard time telling the truth. 
And I think one of us will have a choice at the end of next year -- the next four years. 
If I become president, I'm going to put America back to work. 
In 1992, before I became President, Congress passed the law on democracy in Cuba and I vigorously applied it. 
Why, when you said you introduced a law in your first year, you didn't? 
The question is, what's it gonna cost? 
But why didn't he do it four years ago? 
Would you like to clarify some of these things now as to what you did in your summer jobs at the university, what your grades were and would you like to identify your co-sponsor of the Employment Training Partnership Act? 
Secondly, the economic growth of the Soviet Union is more important than ours. 
$90 billion in green pork for campaign contributors and special interest groups. 
And so we -- we -- we have to walk and not just talk about energy independence, because it will probably be just as vital to our economy and the pain people feel at the pump -- and, you know, winter is coming and domestic heating oil -- because it is our national security and the issue of climate change that is so important. 
But it can't go on. 
I have to give you the credit. 
But, of course, there is no way to know if this is all true, because he did not publish his tax returns. 
They were good guys. 
It's bigger than our respective parties. 
And when you looked at the camera in a debate with Senator Clinton and you said, "I'm going to sit down and negotiate with John McCain on public funding before making a decision," you didn't tell the truth to the American people because you didn't. 
Leave it, just leave it. 
Everyone would have been forced to take care of them. 
I just think that, as lucky as I have been, I owe them and I owe it to future generations and on a very personal basis, I owe it to my children and grandchildren. 
Like where? 
I was responsible for the amendment with Senator Monroney in 1954 to strengthen our ground forces. 
EDWARDS: The vice-president and president like to talk about their experience on the campaign track. 
That's not true. 
We're a long way from that now. 
And I'm really surprised, Elaine, as I speak to the Republican senators, how much they consider and respect Hillary n.e. was on the Armed Services Committee. 
The challenges we face are unprecedented. 
Whatever one of you was elected in November -- you mentioned these three electoral votes in Wyoming and how critical they turned out to be. 
It's grown too big. 
MCCAIN: ... including 3 million for a overhead projector in a planetarium in his hometown. 
We have more money for the local police than any previous administration. 
I felt that if I could just bring the parties together to say stop the violence, start talking, engage in negotiations, that would be a plus. 
LEHRER: Mr.Vice-Chair, Senator Dole asked Mr. Clinton the same question the other night about keeping promises. 
So we have ads coming out of Washington and coming out of Iraq, we're going to attack Mosul in three weeks or four s.l., all these bad ISIS leaders are leaving Mosul. 
If you love someone who has a pre-existing condition – 
But a few weeks ago, you said you thought we should have more troops in Iraq right now. 
You have a trade surplus of $60 billion with us. 
And I think it's shocking, it's shameful. 
Worse still, we tell our children and all future generations that we were not prepared to meet this obligation. 
And it's just a fact that if you're an African-American young man and you're doing the same thing as a white young man, you're more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted and imprisoned. 
Even the supporters of this project admitted that there would be no more than four hundred thousand jobs available. 
That is one of the reasons why we are facing these huge deficits that we have today. 
It seemed to me that if I had to deal adequately and effectively with the problems of high inflation, a growing recession, the involvement of the United States still in Vietnam that I had to give one hundred percent of my time to these two major problems. 
But what did we learn with DNC? 
The fact is that what Iran - what is called the Iran agreement did was essentially a guarantee - I mean, when I was in Congress, I fought with Republican and Democratic members to advance the most severe sanctions, literally in the history of the United States, against Iran. 
The only thing consistent in my opponent's position is that he was inconsistent. 
Governor Reagan, you have the last word on this issue. 
What does that mean in real life? 
Not ruining everything. 
Mr. Perot made this charge several times. 
We also actively and rapidly train Iraqis to assume responsibility for security. 
And at the end of all this, no evidence was presented that the unborn child was not alive. 
Use--work internationally to do so. 
I'm a state governor and I don't like the federal government telling us what to do. 
I may have been misled by all the reports about it, because the law that was proposed in Texas and that received support from the Byrd family and many people in Texas actually succumbed to committee. 
We're going to have to do some things that are very expensive. 
WALLACE: I'm not asking -- I'm asking if you're condemning? 
Gwen, no kids left behind, they were for that, now they're against it. 
That's right. 
You can bring some examples, but if you look at Chicago, what's happening in Chicago where, uh, 53 people were shot and eight died. 
Well, his campaign manager, who was the Secretary of the Treasury, took great credit about a year ago and asked for and received substantial additional funds from Congress to hire internal revenue officers to pick up these funds, and I am pleased to join Jim Baker in saying that we agree on this. 
If the Americans want to do it and not talk about it, then they should -- you know, I'm a person they should consider. 
You had a problem in the spring and summer about some personal successes you took as a potential candidate for the President of the United States and you left. 
I don't think you can afford to have a man like Saddam Hussein with nuclear weapons in the Middle East. 
By the way, my son... 
We can have health care for all Americans. 
All right. 
It's not an accident. 
Now, fortunately, John McCain was one of the representatives of the reform. 
So, if I have the chance to win your vote, I also understand -- I want to open the markets, but I also understand that agriculture is part of our national security. 
It remains to be seen, however, whether or not there will be a political settlement in Kosovo, and I certainly hope that there will be one. 
You fear that he will not condemn the neo-Nazis – President Trump has Jewish grandchildren. 
I am not in favour of equal results, but I am in favour of everyone having a chance to prove that they are competent. 
We have the largest decline in the number of people living in poverty in 27 years. 
He keeps talking about it. 
You must have the ability to do that, and Hillary s.n. The other hand, in Donald Trump, you have someone who rents Vladimir Putin all the time. 
John ? 
Tonight's order was set by coin set. 
Look what Mitt Romney -- look at what Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill did. 
And we must win this future. 
It's not about my family or his family. 
So with this request from your moderator, let's start. 
We have an aggressive brown terrain program to restore the painful points of the interior of the city to useful goods. 
All right, let's go to the next question. 
And private insurers must make a profit. 
They didn't bring anything back. 
Mr. MASHEK: Mr.Vice-President, the governor suggested that you never met a weapons system that you didn't like or didn't want. 
Let me come straight to your question. 
Don't you worry about illness, sir? 
Let us not do, let us help, let us return schools to teachers and let us return to parents and take them away from the National Education Association. 
The conversation will continue.A reminder. 
There will be no unilateral disarmament under my administration. 
Because, as we are here this evening in this debate, we see, for the first time in a long time, the Republicans and Democrats sitting together trying to find a solution to this budgetary crisis in which we are. 
It was the United States that took the lead in humanitarian aid in Bosnia. 
And so they don't want any part of politics. 
I mean, the situation we are seeing hour by hour in Syria today is the result of the failure of foreign policy and the weakness of foreign policy that Hillary Clinton has helped to lead in this administration and to create. 
And that will require more than what is on the table today. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator Obama, do you have a question to ask Senator McCain about that? 
Everyone knows how to fix them. 
In 1955, the Soviet Union expressed its regret about the Bering Sea incident. 
One of the world's largest industries is tourism and tourism. 
So we had at that time with good management, the ability to do both. 
Let us vow to work together to do something about it. 
But the fact is, he says they're working. 
This is a tragic moment. 
And that's growth. 
It was something that moved the whole country forward. 
You fill the order and Medicare pays half the cost. 
Mr. Bush talked about taxes. 
On the reform of the government? 
Number one, if I do, it will be a very unusual and historic event -- LEHRER: Governor, one minute. 
President Bill Clinton will protect our environment and prevent the kind of attacks we saw at the last Congress that are included in the Republican platform. 
The economy is just slowing down. 
It didn't work. 
He said, I felt so strong about it, I went back to read the Lincoln-Douglas debates. 
I will make sure that we can reform health and social insurance to preserve them for generations to come. 
If we do this, we start a chain reaction; because the communists are not after Quemoy and Matsu, they are- they are after Formosa. 
In fact, it's starting to collapse not because of prosecutions -- although they're a problem, and John Edwards and I are committed to fixing them -- but because of the broader issue that we're not covering the Americans. 
On the other hand, Governor Dukakis described the policy as immoral and illegal. 
Some of these facts and figures don't stand up. 
Mr. WELKER: Mr. President Trump, your answer. 
WALLACE: ... to continue in other debates as we continue. 
SMITH: Follow-up question? 
All right. 
In Africa, we didn't. 
And maybe I have to make these difficult decisions. 
And this walk led to the Brown v. Board of Education decision that pushed us towards equality.I am so proud to run with another strong and historic woman, Hillary Clinton, to be president of the United States. 
I assume that the Vice-Chair supported it when the Speaker signed this bill and supported it now. 
We need to get back. 
And I honor their sacrifices. 
There have been several signs that our prestige is not as high as it once was. 
REAGAN: When I opposed health insurance, there was another bill that faced the same problem before Congress. 
Ninety seconds, Mr. President. 
Donald Trump soutient nos anciens combattants. 
He didn't like Obama. 
No, the way to win is to be firm and resolved and follow the plan I just described. 
It is irresponsible to suggest that we should not have this debate, that we should ignore what is a major concern. 
In view of the fact that unemployment is rising again - or that it has increased over the last three months - I wonder whether you have reconsidered this question; whether you would consider allowing the financing of this programme, or whether you would veto this bill of money? 
That's why Barack Obama and I are running, to restore that certainty to our neighborhoods. 
We can't be like this. 
I think we should have a balanced budget under normal economic circumstances. 
Four thousand people a day cross the border. 
So it would give us ten years to do with Medicare what we're going to do with social security; have a bipartite group look at what we have to do to save it when the baby boomers retire. 
Middle-class people, defined as people with an income of $52,000 or less, saw their income decline while their taxes increased in the Reagan-Bush years as a result of 6 wage tax increases. 
We differ as to whether or not pollution controls should be voluntary. 
And I regret it, because what I would like to see is that people come together and say: Of course, we will protect and defend the second amendment. 
Here's a follow-up to this one-minute discussion. 
Now that they're talking about our record here, it's good that they recognize that they also have to defend their record. 
Good evening at the Bushnell Theatre in Hartford, Connecticut. 
You know, it's funny, Mr. 
Yes, they say loopholes... RADDATZ: Deduction for mortgages at home? 
We have a moral obligation to deal with it. 
John McCain and Dick Cheney said that when I said that we would not be welcomed as liberators, we would not - this war would take a decade, not a day, not a week, not six months, we would not have come out of there quickly. 
They want to spend 100 trillion dollars. 
President Reagan, your rebuttal. 
She was on well-being for eight years until the zone of empowerment was created. She just got a job in the new company that started her business in this area of empowerment. 
the difference between inflation and the cost of a loan you doubled -- 
Over the last eight years, I have sat on the National Security Council, and when the conflict broke out in Bosnia, I saw a genocide in the heart of Europe with the most violent war on the European continent since the Second World War. 
We've done so much bad business over the past year, so she has experience, I agree. 
Because we made a mistake. 
With regard to U-2 flights, I would like to point out that I have supported the President's position throughout this period. 
I have a plan that will help us kill and find the terrorists. 
Tax reduction on the other side. 
And despite that, what we said is, yes, we had to take some initial emergency measures to make sure that we did not fall into a great depression, but what we also said is, we have to make sure that we spare those things that do not help us grow. 
It's me. 
In Decaturville, Tennessee, not far from my home, a factory was closed right there when they were solicited by officials paid with US taxpayers' money, then replacement workers in a foreign country were trained with our taxes and their imports were subsidized by returning to the United States. 
Will we be safe again? 
The Clinton Foundation is doing a lot of good work. 
You have two minutes for an answer, sir. 
You can't be on one side like that and on the other. 
My only regret is that help for contras, those people who fight, we call them freedom fighters. 
Women will vote. 
And when he was confronted with that, and said, wait a minute, the terrorists could get those, proliferation could lead to nuclear war, here, what Donald Trump said, and I quote: "Go ahead, people, have fun. I would like to hear Governor Pence tell me what's so pleasant or funny about nuclear war. 
The premiums are too high. 
These young people, when they leave this wonderful university, will find it difficult to find a job. 
Stand in the South Bronx as I did, where Jimmy Carter made his promise that he would, with multi-billion-dollar programs, rehabilitate this area that looks like a London bombing during the Second World War. 
DUKAKIS: Well, the question of judgment is very important. 
But it, like social welfare reform, I'm going to sign it but I'm going to try to change it next year. 
As Americans, we honour our past, and we should. 
CLINTON: Senator Dole has criticized me two or three times this evening for working with the United Nations.I am now accused of not working with UN DOLE: It is not UN CLINTON: Sometimes the United States must act alone or at least act first. 
Well, Bob Dole suggested that there be a commission of inquiry. 
Thank you, sir. 
We also want, Hal, to own the house. 
In relation to research and development. 
And we're going for a few minutes, and then we're going to go to health care, okay? 
But let me tell you something, what we did for the poor. What we have done for the poor is that in fact - the Homelessness Bill, the McKinney Act, which is the main piece of legislation dealing with homelessness - Congress has reduced the funding that the administration has recommended. 
I think we have an opportunity tonight to have a positive debate on the future of this country. 
I think it was a cheap blow - telling the Americans to try to divide the class - rich and poor. 
And we must certainly adapt the eligibility of certain loans to inflation. 
$500 per child under 18. 
We need to move on. 
The largest, a multinational known as CAFTA, I voted against. 
Let me ask you... 
I'm sure of my facts, and we're trying to help and I think we're doing a reasonable job, but we're not going to rest until every American who wants a job and until this prosperity and recovery that benefits many Americans benefits all Americans. 
Senator Kennedy is responsible for criticizing things that are wrong, but he is also responsible for being right in his criticisms. 
They pay billions and billions of dollars. 
The other point I would like to raise with regard to economic assistance and technical assistance is that the United States should not simply take this into account here. 
It's from Mary Follano -- Follano, sorry. 
Because the reality is that we are going to have a vaccine, senator, in record time, in an unheard of time, in less than a year. 
You know, I am very proud this night, because it seems that Milosevic is about to fall or has fallen, from the leading role that the United States has played in efforts to put an end to its aggression and genocide in Bosnia and Kosovo. 
I'm looking to cut taxes for middle-income people. 
What they're gonna give you is four more years. 
[laughs] Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald, first NATO. 
Chris Reeve is a friend of mine. 
The second point, however, is that he's now skyrocketing out of control. 
When you say you're someone's friend, everyone has to believe it. 
We are now going, Senator McCain, to the next question you asked in the room, and it comes from Oliver Clark (ph), who is here in section F. Oliver? 
At the same time, we must ensure that the counterfire of the Soviet Union, that they claim not to be an intercontinental plane and that some of our peoples support, must also be included if we want to obtain the type of agreement that is in the best interests of both countries. 
I argued that we should reverse this trend and resume it. 
What we're saying is that they say it has to be a postmark by election day. 
And that kind of credibility is precisely why we have been able to show leadership on a wide range of issues the world is facing right now. 
Mr. Frankel, a question for President Ford. 
These munitions are now being used against our children. 
Why are you spending a billion dollars on something you think is a fantasy and fraud? 
It's been done a few times, actually. 
I'll tell you one place that works well, and it's the private sector, Jim Burke and that working group he has. 
In addition, we need to move forward in other areas that hinder growth. 
We are not _we are not following other countries. 
I am very badly treated by the IRS, very unfairly, but we have done everything. 
And I recognize that I have made decisions that have meant that people do not understand the great values of our country. 
There are two economic realities in America today. 
China is totally powerful with regard to the North a.d by the way, another powerful is the worst agreement I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started is the Iran agreement. 
We have not taken a strong position in controlling the pollution of our oceans, and I would say that the worst threat to the environment is nuclear proliferation. 
We have an ongoing arms race instead. 
Mr. Valerani, a question for Governor Carter. 
I applaud them, I don't criticize them. 
I'm proud of this administration's file. 
I cannot give you a precise answer about the Pension Guarantee Fund. 
Now, flip-flops: They should know something about flip-flops. 
And that's what he's going to do, which I'd worry about a little bit, is that Donald Trump owes about $650 million to the banks, including the Bank of China. 
Mr Trump, Secretary Clinton, we want to address the public. 
You agreed with him. 
You've been all over the country repeating something that, I admit, the press has also repeated -- that I thought nuclear missiles could be fired and then recalled. 
When he fought against a regulatory reform that cost the family an average of $6 to $7,000 per year. 
As far as a word is concerned, people already had a say. 
But as far as economic policies are concerned, essentially what you are proposing is eight more years of the same thing. 
If you think we can cut taxes by $5 trillion and add $2 trillion in extra expenses that the military don't ask for, $7 trillion -- just to give you meaning, over 10 years, that's more than our entire defence budget -- and you think by closing the loopholes and deductions for the good to do, you won't end up taking the tab, then Governor Romney's plan could work for you. 
She's been trying to get them out for a long time. 
In my economic plan, we are increasing it by 39 percent. 
The vast majority of the American people would still not be in this option. 
You know, Hillary, what you should have done, you should have changed the law when you were a senator from the United States... WALLACE: People, we heard this... TRUMP: ... because your donors and your particular interests do the same thing as me, except more. 
TRUMP: But I'd like to start where we left, because when I said Japan and Germany, and I'm -- not to distinguish them, but South Korea, they're very rich and powerful countries. 
Now they have a new plan: "Trust me, it won't cost you anything." 
He's right that I'm not in favour of energy taxes. 
He voted for the energy bill that was full of goodies for the oil companies I opposed. 
I think Governor Clinton is engaged. 
But she has also worked on many important diplomatic agreements with China. 
We can do better than that. 
Let me tell you who some of these other small businesses are: hedge funds that earn $600 million, $800 million a year. 
In 1984, when he came to the Senate, he opposed or called for the elimination of a large number of important weapons systems that were essential to winning the Cold War and that are now important to all of our forces. 
Some places, $15 isn't that bad. 
Is the Middle East summit last week in this category? 
Missy figured it out. 
It is easy to say in hindsight that I would have done something different. 
And we celebrate this, and that is how we have literally created the freest and most prosperous nation in the history of the world. 
- That's not true. 
The answer to this economy is no more taxes. 
And motorists use 8% less than at the time of the oil embargo. 
I have a post-traumatic stress disorder, and yet I can't get treatment." So we put all the chips in, right there, and no one's talking about losing this war. 
A minute ago, the president quoted Cicero, I think. 
The State Department has now specified that there are no demonstrators there. 
One thing: 
I want you to know we really appreciate this. 
You did it in 1985. 
We are not a nation in decline. 
But if you take it in number of dollars instead of percentage, yes, you could say, well, that person got 10 times more than that other person. 
Secondly, make sure that reconstruction is accelerated in a way that Iraqis see a tangible benefit for what is happening. 
This country is confronted. 
There is no doubt that we are facing this massive deficit, and almost everyone agrees unless we lower it, the chances of healthy long-term growth are zero. 
I mean, Senator McCain spoke hard about assignments, and that's good, but the allocations are about $18 billion in our budget. 
Mr President, you said that Mr Mondale's leadership would take the country on the path of defeatism and despair, and Vice-President Bush called it whine and hope for bad news. 
Houston has just become the most smoggy city in the country. 
- California. 
These are the issues that the North and South, East and West have the right to know. 
I'm sorry, 30 seconds, Mr. President. 
If you're leaving a company, I think your insurance should go with you to other business. 
I don't know exactly why. 
It's very important. 
And she didn't. 
It's not just cinema, television, video games, music, the Internet. 
People who pay taxes will get tax relief. 
This is not the kind of administration we need. 
This president said -- I listened to him the other night in his 2000 debate, saying: I am in favour of a national declaration of patient rights. 
If we were to carry these masks — the President's own advisers told him — we could save 100,000 lives. 
Mr. Perot, you talked about going to Washington to do what the people who run this country want you to do. 
There are two companies, I think, in a few weeks, and they will be distributed very quickly. 
In 1980, President Reagan called you a Liberal to vote for federal arms control. 
I have given a lot of thought to this particular issue, and I see our greatest national strength coming from what we are defending in the world. 
But I certainly wouldn't do the first strike.I think once the nuclear alternative takes place, it's over. 
This administration spent a trillion dollars on defence, but it did not get a trillion dollars for national security. 
That's how it works. 
My friend, Phyllis Hunter, is here. 
And as I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. 
PENCE: – and turned this economy by reducing taxes, reducing regulation, releasing U.S. energy 
I have a long record on this, on a long series of reforms. 
It's very bad, very bad health insurance. 
This would be the time to seriously consider the use of force. 
In the north, they have North Korea with five hundred thousand well-trained and well-equipped soldiers - they are supported by the People's Republic of China; they are supported by the Soviet Union. 
No wonder you fought, no wonder you fought ISIS all your adult life. 
It is a very effective means of communication. 
Yeah, I appreciate it. 
And the decisions we make will have enormous practical consequences. 
I don't like that comment. 
So what's in my plan, and I think it's almost the same in Senator Dole's plans, is that we're making more people eligible for savings in an IRA and we're letting couples, married couples save more and then they could withdraw from it tax-free, if necessary, for medical emergencies or buying a home or education, but they could also save money to complete retirement. 
Now, Republican campaign slogans - you'll see them on signs across the country as you did last week - say that it's the experience that counts - it's on a photo of yourself; mister uh - implying that you've had more executive government decision uh - experience than uh - your opponent. 
And he continued to cite three issues that their platforms are completely unaware of: the atomic war, the presidential directive 59 notwithstanding. 
We didn't keep 850,000 tons of ammunition. 
This means that we are more prone to large fluctuations and price fluctuations. 
And even some at your own party couldn't buy it. 
We're not going to do that anymore. 
IFILL: Mr. Vice-President, the Census Bureau classified Cleveland as the largest poor city in the country, with an unemployment rate of 31 per cent. 
Well, let me tell you something, it doesn't matter, because if we get the votes, it's gonna be over. 
Hon.LeHRER: Mr.Kemp, you said recently that one of the problems related to this was that the entire capital was in the hands of the white people. 
And most of the time, I learn it by asking her. 
And we're making progress there. 
We could have saved more lives if we had acted earlier. 
COOPER: Madam Secretary — I want you to be able to answer, Secretary Clinton. 
The job of a president is to win peace. 
I am pleased that the President has made the decision he has made. 
They send it to Congress, and we have to vote it up or down. 
Some people could say it was a cure. 
And we should not trample these people in front of them in the line. 
Because we've cut taxes on everyone -- remember, we've increased the children's credit by $1,000, we've reduced the marriage penalty, we've created a 10% cut, all those who pay taxes have been granted relief -- the recession has been one of the shortest in our country's history. 
All right. 
We didn't think about throwing people in the snow, whether it's because of age or need. 
That was the first bill we introduced. 
And it didn't cost that country's taxpayers a cent. 
If positive action means quotas, I'm against it. 
It is therefore three programmes that are quite moderate. 
Many people are dead and much more will die unless he becomes much smarter, much faster... 
Let's start. 
First of all... RADDATZ: Be precise. 
At that time, take a look at the crazy activities of terrorists, you can't blame anyone. 
I'm especially opposed to George Bush's bad policies since I was in Congress, but I think it's also important to recognize that I've worked with Tom Coburn, the most conservative, one of the most conservative Republicans John has ever spoken of to put in place what we call a Google for the government by saying that we're going to list every dollar of federal spending to make sure that the taxpayer can take a look at and see who actually promotes some of those spending projects John's been doing. 
They do not name him the most liberal of the United States Senate because he has not come to many meetings. 
Mr. Fischer? 
These old boys won't stop easily. 
This would have been an increase in sectarian violence. 
I just want to make sure the return is good. 
Over 26, Senator McCain voted 23 times against alternative energy, such as solar, wind and biodiesel. 
We told him that he could take the northern part of Kuwait, and when he took everything, we went crazy. 
You disagreed with FBI director James Comey, calling for your processing of classified information, quote, extremely negligent.The FBI said that there were 110 classified emails that were exchanged, eight of which were top secret, and that it was possible that hostile actors could have access to these emails. 
Well, one of those concerns, not uncommon about candidates in a year, is that many voters say they don't really know where you are. 
You are going to look at our proposals tonight and in the future, and energy independence is a way to do it, is one of them. 
$6 billion when he took office in 1967, $10. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator. 
We're in the... KAINE: Fifteen million new jobs? 
We have to do it together and we can. 
No, they took that into account in these figures. 
Keep in mind that our military spending has increased every year that I have been on duty. 
But it will also require choices. 
We are in mourning with those in mourning. 
Q.A. The Khan network has been brought to justice. 
Russia is new in nuclear terms. 
Ninety per cent of coalition victims were killed. 
I don't mind paying a little more. 
It makes a difference whether they can go there and -- and earn a living for their family. 
We have four children. 
Thank you to Hofstra University and Candy Crowley for organizing and leading this event. 
All right, let's go to another question. 
PENCE: Because there is — a society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable, the elderly, the infirm, the disabled and the unborn. 
They're not true. 
He's going to help people in the country who are unemployed right now. 
This means that in the middle of the next decade, any car you buy, you'll end up going twice as far on a gallon of gasoline. 
That is why Vice-President Bush will receive the first question. 
We've passed 100,000 policemen, the prohibition of assault weapons, Bill Brady. 
Because more people qualify for them because they don't have money. 
No, it's not just campaign rhetoric. 
And again, Hillary is running a campaign on strengthening together, and Donald Trump — and that is to say — it is not directed against this man, except to the extent that he cannot defend Donald Trump — Donald Trump has conducted a campaign that was about an insult after the t. t. we must bring the country together. 
Do you know that Iran was heading for a nuclear weapon and that Russia was expanding its stockpiles? 
Secondly, we must commit ourselves in the private sector to cooperating with the government in areas such as housing. 
It's happened before. 
It's not -- CLINTON: And the people who have a job -- (APPLAUSE) People who have a job, studies and opportunities that didn't have it 10 years ago don't think at all that it's irrelevant; they think it's very relevant and they want the rest of the country to have them. 
So Congress passes the law, the President signs it, as if he did a lot of things. 
In fact, today, the shortages of NCOs that John spoke of are such that if we tried to get a draft today, we wouldn't have NCOs to train NCOs. 
As far as ballot papers are concerned, it is a disaster. 
And that will always be the case as long as the communists are on the international stage, in the aggressive tendencies they are currently following. 
For 45 years, we were concerned about the Red Army. 
But on Medicare, for current retirees, it cuts $716 billion from the program. 
PENCE: ...the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. 
I built a massive company, a large company, some of the largest assets in the world, worth several billion dollars. 
So your question is? 
It would be the greatest honour for me to have your support on November 2nd and to say, "Jerry Ford, you've done a good job, keep doing it." 
I think racial profiling is a serious problem. 
In fact, the payment of the debt by 2012, when by our calculation our opponent's economic plan always leaves America $2. 
You have missed a lot of key votes: on tax policy, on energy, on health insurance reform. 
They sent a thousand ballot papers. 
The advice she gave me when I was tall is the advice I gave my children, and I gave a number of children, many people. 
It's not something new. 
I understand, sir. 
He says he's gonna give you a $5,000 tax credit. 
Mr. GORE: I agree with that, and I supported it. 
I want to take half the surplus and spend it on social security. 
And Vice President Pence, I'd like to ask you the first question. 
At the same time, we must be ready. 
Now we have another $500 billion reduction for the defense that is hiding on the horizon. 
And when the vice president talks about the Liberals on the bench, I wonder who he's talking about? 
Three and a half million, Joe. 
Because you know what we had, we had a CETA program that spent $50 billion from about 1973 to 1982 and when we concluded this program - when we concluded this program, unemployment was higher than when it started. 
And it's a shocking reminder that every president is facing an unexpected threat to our national security from abroad at some point in time. 
That's a couple of things. 
They should not abuse their bench. 
The third thing I'd say -- it's not directly about arms control, but it's very important -- we need more police on the street. 
And these companies, many of them have come out of business, I think half of them, those that have been invested have come out of business. 
That's right. 
Imagine we let the Republican Congress settle the sanctions. 
I certainly do not agree that we should bring our troops home to places like the Balkans as soon as we can, as soon as the mission is complete. 
He's 70 years old, has high blood pressure, his wife has heart problems. 
We went to the United Nations, we made historic resolutions up there, the whole world was united, our Congress was dragging its feet. 
And if we cut that rate, they'll be able to hire more people. 
It was the decision of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that was recommended and accepted by the President. 
Under my plan, I will put Medicare in an iron keybox and prevent money from being used for anything other than Medicare. 
It looks like a bombed city - beautiful skeletons of buildings. 
And I'm against price control. 
There's one here, I think. 
We have the opportunity to have real leadership. 
And I may not answer the questions in the way the moderator or you want to hear, but I will speak directly to the American people and let them know my record as well. 
The major responsibility for us in the future, a high priority for me and for Governor Bush to rebuild the American army and give them the resources they need to do the work we ask them to do for us and give them good leadership. 
The AARP believes that the savings we have obtained from Medicare strengthen the system, extending the Medicare trust fund by eight years. 
Not in the east? 
Maybe you don't go out for dinner that much. 
The Duelfer report confirmed this decision today, because what Saddam Hussein was doing was trying to get rid of the sanctions so that he could reconstitute a weapons programme. 
And fortunately, the rainy season will soon end, which will make it easier to get help there and help people who have been suffering from it for a long time. 
It is possible to get people to work together and start focusing on achieving results. 
He talks about a great idea: let's make a summit; we will solve the problem in Iraq by organizing a summit. 
Our health program - the one that Senator Javits and other Republican senators, as I have supported - provides for all those over sixty-five years of age who want health insurance, the possibility of having it if they want it. 
And I described it. 
We are currently spending $10 billion a month in Iraq, with a surplus of $79 billion. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, if you are not a liberal, describe your political philosophy. 
You see this every night on TV. 
But I promise you this with all confidence in my heart and in the world, that I will do my best if I am elected President, I will work my heart to get the great things just for the American people. 
My administration has launched the so-called Proliferation Security Initiative. 
All right. 
And a recent book that has just been released by the most respected author of the Nation in this field, Strobe Talbott, called "Deadly Gambits", concludes that this president has failed to master the essential details necessary to command us and lead us, both in terms of security and arms control. 
It's part of the social security system. 
If you don't help the parents and you don't help the children, how -- how can you say you support the families? 
Everyone can make a difference if they want to. 
I would ensure that the main members of Congress are called upon to discuss the seriousness of the situation. 
No one here who has average income has obtained a tax reduction because middle-income families have had tax increases under Bush and Quayle to finance the cuts for the very rich. 
I learned that the difficult way and the governor and I both supported the COLA slide for a year. 
That wasn't my announcement. 
So I tried diplomacy, I went to the UN. 
But we, myself, I think the country would be better served if we allowed the two people to speak with fewer interruptions. 
I don't know. 
BROKAW: Since you seem not to take hostages on stage, let me ask you a question - (Laughter) - about the American hostages, nine, still in brutal captivity in the Middle East. 
I chose Lloyd Bentsen, because I thought he was the best qualified person for the job. 
I was raised to have faith and belief and have been a member of a church since I was a little boy. 
It's part of my health plan. 
You'll have your turn. 
How you can cut school lunches, how you can cut student assistance, how you can cut housing, how you can cut disability benefits, how you can do all these things and then the people who receive them -- 
That is why exports have increased considerably under my presidency. 
None of the questions were submitted in advance to the Women's Electoral League, candidates or their representatives. 
No one is going to follow someone who doesn't believe we can succeed and with someone who says that the war where we are is a mistake. 
Fewer than a hundred people have worked on this issue across the federal government, and I believe this has been reflected in our success and failures in Geneva. 
We know how to set agendas. 
MCGEE: Mr.Levy with a question for Senator Kennedy. 
QUAYLE: My turn -- (now hand to Gore) GORE: Do you need (inaudible) -- (simultaneous conversation) QUAYLE: Lightenâ€TMs up Al. 
I have not supported mining in Nicaragua's ports; this is a violation of international law. 
No, I visited her in her office. 
BIDEN: What I would do to China is to play according to international rules, not as he did. 
We must proceed very carefully on this. 
We should try to reduce these circumstances. 
He called for conservation measures to save the energy we have. 
And he called for new elections. 
And then, on the floor of the Illinois State Senate, he voted here. 
(CROSSTALK) OBAMA : Gouverneur ? 
You have said on several occasions that you would prohibit fracturing. 
We always have them on some things. 
When [crossing]. 
Even in Iran, they had an election that began to bring about some change. 
Mr Ford is changing his previous philosophy considerably. 
There are so many families across the country that can't have children. 
He happens to be in the United States of America. 
We entered Somalia as a peacemaking organization, we ended up trying to be -- excuse me, as a peacekeeping organization, we ended up trying to be peacemakers, and we ended up having to step back into humiliation. 
She had a small business with 63 employees. 
I don't know what to say. 
It is an inaccuracy, of course, of my position. 
Thank you, Governor. 
I am not satisfied when we do not fully develop the natural resources of the United States. 
We have expanded aid for trade adjustment. 
Some schools are not even safe. 
And these are things I think will do a lot to help America build a stronger economy and a better tax system. 
There are only a handful of American soldiers in Haiti. 
I do not think it is necessary to go back to Mondale's or the Dukaki's proposals on taxes and expenditure. 
You are in a highly populated country in the middle of the most dangerous area in the world. 
Unfortunately, that's how some children are marked. 
And if you haven't noticed the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come to the United States in many cases because their system is so slow. 
- Jim? - Yes. 
It's a strategy we've been working on for a few years. 
Mr President, we begin the third part with Fred Barnes. 
Of course I don't know Putin. 
The president tried, but his policies didn't work. 
We're gonna need someone who can work through partisan division. 
I think a lot of that depends on the news - sometimes foreign affairs, sometimes home affairs. 
We are no longer respected in an opposition vote in the United Nations or in another international council, we have the chance to get 20 per cent of the other nations to vote with us. 
He's analyzing words, my friends. 
He pointed out what I had to say in Hartford's debate, that there is really no foreign policy in this administration. 
It had a very, very big impact. 
George Bush never suggested that we eliminate parental planning funding, so there are differences between Governor Romney and George Bush, but they are not about economic policy. 
I was there. 
These are not jobs in relation to our environment. 
But this is an exciting moment. 
I'll make you a deal tonight. 
The fact is that we now have people from the Middle East, allegedly crossing the border. 
And we paid off our nation's debt for two years in a row, and we created 23 million new jobs at the same time. 
They are particularly curious about your case. 
Can you tell us how much you paid in federal income tax in 2016 and 2017? 
We have proposed an amendment to do so. 
But I'm going to tell you that Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read everything about how to defeat ISIS, that she could have defeated by never having it, you know, go first. 
We have to have money to do this. 
Here. 
And there is a need for fundamental change in our economic philosophy, as well as in our foreign policy. 
MODAL: Any verifiable system should be placed on the negotiating table for an agreement. 
I have a plan to cover these people. 
I'm glad you asked. 
Iranians have a bad government, so their economy is bad, even if they have large oil revenues. 
You want to call them? 
Mr Kemp, what could a Dole/Kemp administration do to change the current legal status of abortion in that country? 
Installé ? 
(Applause) Lehrer: Peter, a question? 
and the rest of the answer, far from the mark. 
My administration has worked with Congress to create the Department of Internal Security so that we can better coordinate our borders and ports. 
And we will have to help the Pakistanis to go to these areas and get the allegiance of the people. 
Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and gets closer — very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And his campaign manager, Patti Doyle, went to - during the campaign, his campaign against President Obama, fought very hard. 
I didn't do that. 
Look, what I support is that the police have an opportunity to deal with the problems they face, and I am totally opposed to the fact that police offices are being defunded. 
My question is not whether Shah's regime was preferable to that of Ayatollah, but whether the United States has the power or the right to try to determine what form of government any country will have, and are we in favour of unpopular regimes whose major merit is that they are friends of the United States? 
- Answer my questions. 
But the key here is not to try to solve the problems in Iraq by putting more American troops in. 
And everyone gets a fair share -- everyone makes a fair share, and everyone plays according to the same rules. 
All these things have brought an improvement to university entrance exams for the first time in about 20 years. 
And each of them -- the boys' club leaders, the ministers -- all said areas of passage to the company. 
I'm just asking, where are you going to get the money? 
The American people are facing a lonely decision next Tuesday. 
[inintelligible] 
If it had that number, 700,000 people would have died right now, but it was a much less deadly disease. 
This is a very important election. 
And as we have done, in the areas where we have concluded, trade agreements or exports to Japan have increased by 85 per cent over the past four years and our trade deficit with Japan has decreased. 
He was cheating on the detectives. 
We're back on the right track. 
You voted for the war, then you voted against the support of the troops when they needed the equipment, fuel, spare parts, ammunition and armor of the body. 
And all you have to do is look at Michigan and look at Ohio and look at all those places where so many of their jobs and businesses go, they're gone. 
Charter schools are not the only answer, but they offer competition. 
There's -- no, look, there's a systemic problem. 
And I will address you as the President. 
We cannot invest in science and technology, which will determine whether or not we are going to be competitive in the long term. 
These families struggle and hurt, and they need more tax relief, not less tax relief. 
These are the ideals and morals we teach -- we try to teach our children in these times. 
Let me follow up with Mr. Trump, if I can. 
I support the objectives. 
If we do not - if the measures taken by the military do not take effect, we will not conduct joint patrols. 
And it was — believe me — I'm sure I'm not going to get the credit — but it was largely because of what I said and my criticism of NATO.I think we need to get NATO into the Middle East with us, in addition to the surrounding nations, and we need to get out of ISIS's hell, and we need to do it quickly, when ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton. 
You know, there's a major current in American politics and you sit on the left bank. 
Vice-Chair, a two-part question concerning offshore islands in the Strait of Formosa. 
He voted in the U.S. Senate to increase taxes on people who earn up to $42,000 a year. 
I'm glad you clarified it. 
And defend yourself. 
And in Crawford, Texas, Jiang Zemin and I agreed that the nuclear-weapon-free peninsula, the Korean peninsula, was in its interest, our interest and the interest of the world. 
I want to cut the size of Congress staff, but I think you're going to have too much influence there with people who have never been elected, who have a lot of expertise. 
OBAMA: I think in ten years we can reduce our dependence so that we no longer have to import oil from the Middle East or Venezuela. 
We're talking about what we're talking about. 
That's not my plan. 
Senator. 
When they put us in there, they did us a great bad service. 
BENTSEN: Well, I think what you can do in this one, and that would be very useful, is to use a lot more natural gas, which burns much cleaner. 
All measures taken against terrorists require a court order, control. 
We can also strengthen and strengthen our two-party system and rely more on political parties than in the past. 
And the President, Mr.Mondale, called you whimpering and flickering, among the most charitable phrases -- weak, I think. 
He spent a lot of time in Central and South America. 
Moreover, the breach of the agreement was not plutonium. 
But telling our children that before they have babies, they should think about marrying someone, that's a good idea. 
And so what I'm trying to do is get a broader conversation about how to reduce violence in general. 
And that's what we've done in the last four years. 
I met dishwashers, painters, architects, glass installers, marble installers, drapery installers, as was my father, whom you refused to pay when they finished the work you asked them to have an architect in the public who designed one of your clubs in one of your golf courses. 
You must be in a position where you can do tests quickly and know if a person is, in fact, infected. 
In John, he doesn't realize it, he's never held such an executive position. 
It's hard, Bernie. 
CLINTON: Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade, which guarantees a woman's constitutional right to make the most intimate, difficult decisions, in many cases, about her health care that one can imagine. 
It's just a gift. 
I was in Texas to take care of business, take care of my family. 
Lehrer: (inaudible) and we continue -- always on the economy, on another -- but another part... OBAMA: Okay. LEHRER: Okay? 
Eight trillion we both talked about. 
What you see in this country is 23 million people struggling to find a job. 
There have been suicide attacks, targeted assassinations, mortar attacks, all of which continue at a time when the United States seems to be absent in the peacemaking process. 
LEHRER: This debate and the next three - two Presidents, one Vice-President - are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
And we'll do it for four more. 
This deficit is ruining the long-term hopes of this economy. 
And it's not just me who see the disorder in Iraq. 
If you want to make some adjustments, take it, go to Congress, fight it. 
All I can say is that we have programs in all these areas - education, housing, defence - that will advance America. They're going to move her forward faster, and they're going to move her forward more surely than in her program. 
WALLACE: But aren't we worried about the spread of the disease? 
And you have two minutes for that. 
You okay? 
He came to see me. 
Thank you, Mr. Trump. 
Now, an area in which we agree, Al Gore and I, we believe that the government should do everything in its power to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies. 
I think it's important to resist the temptation to waste our surplus. 
We're a little late. 
I'm proud we're better off with this than we were four years ago. 
BIDEN: Well, I'll tell you what, I hope he's looking at me because what's going on here is that you know who I am, you know who he is, you know his character, you know my character, you know our reputation for honor and to tell the truth. 
President, can you let him finish? 
I have 200 generals... 
We just have a big difference about where this country should be headed, and in what direction it should go. 
It's expensive things that hurt families. 
We do not want to overreact, as I believe the federal regulators have, on the right banks so that they have created credit cracks, that is, they have aggravated our recession over the last two years -- but we want to act cautiously with the banks that have problems. 
SMITH: Could you repeat the question now for Governor Reagan, please, Mrs. Walters? 
But if you were elected president, or whoever is elected president, would you set a priority to try to bring the nation together? 
Well, you're right. 
All with little or no health insurance. 
Instead, it increased by that amount. 
I don't think you can secure America in the long term if you don't have a global vision of how to defeat these people. 
That it was a radical revolution that took place in our army, in our schools, everywhere. 
And what I said, too, is for the young people who come here, often brought here by their parents. 
There are nine countries that spend more than we do on public education. 
Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. 
It's a typical statement. 
If you have any more to say, you can say it in your closing statements and we're going to move on, okay? 
Most health care costs are covered by third parties. 
But we need a presidential leadership. 
It is a potential partner in the fight against climate change and North Korea. 
So there was no risk to banks or lenders, but they were removing billions from the system. 
It provides some 29 separate tax credits. 
Mrs. Golden, certainly the church has the right to take a stand on moral matters. 
Mr. Reagan. 
Well, it was here before Bill Clinton and it'll be here after Bill Clinton. 
If you're a single mother who earns $22,000 a year today and you're trying to raise two children, for every extra dollar you earn, you pay a marginal rate higher on that dollar than someone who earns $200,000, and that's not fair. 
The Democrats will do so because there will be enormous pressure on them. 
The Democrats have promised prescription drugs. 
He wants to close the whole country. 
We didn't go as a last resort. 
KERRY: I understand what the president is talking about, because I know what it means to lose people in combat. 
Well, tonight we had the first debate on the deficit. 
We have brought civilian administrators to build their cities. 
We had -- the guerrilla insurrection controlled about one third of the country, 75,000 dead, and we held free elections. 
Secondly, I would take measures of diplomatic isolation. 
We will oppose efforts to privatize social security. 
I vetoed it when they closed the government. 
The V.A. That's what he does. 
We need to have an expanding employment base to give us an expanding tax base. 
MCCAIN: How about a freeze on expenses for anything but defence, veterans' affairs and eligibility programs. 
And I'm afraid that's what Governor Clinton told me. 
Let me fix one thing. 
It's close to the election, because she thinks it helps her politically. 
Now, you've said recently that higher taxes or higher taxes or higher taxes are patriotic. 
I am because he has a good health care plan that is detailed. 
(LAUGHTER) SCHIEFFER: Gentlemen, thank you very much for a very vigorous debate. 
Mr. KRAFT: Mr. President, allow me to ask you this question. 
And she's campaigning with our girls. 
It now stands at more than 12%. 
CHENEY: Gwen, I want to thank you, and I want to thank the people here at Case Western Reserve for hosting tonight. 
Donald Trump, who went to Arlington Cemetery, stood above the graves of our fallen heroes and said, "What's in it for them? Because, of course, you know that he only thinks about what's in there for him. 
No one ever implements them. 
I have maintained faith with our country. 
It is not motivated by politics. 
It now seems, because of regular negotiations, that we can have an agreement that will withdraw the Cubans from Angola. 
The answer will be limited to 1 minute. 
They have absolutely no plan. 
The Gulf War was a great victory. 
Pretty simple, guys, if you pay more and you don't have the best, if everything else fails to copy people who have the best that spend less, don't you? 
I'm not that worried. " 
We will do everything we can to preserve social security and ensure that it will be there for future generations. 
It was a bipartite question. 
People don't look for the same thing. 
Technically, you did. 
I appreciate it. 
It was their idea. 
So I don't know. 
Everyone's snacking around the edges. 
Sir, you'll be happy. 
I regret the things of my long campaign that have been wrong, but I'm trying to put an end to the last ten days. 
Mr Vice-President, let me return for a moment to the question of the budget, because so many things have already been pushed back in your campaign that most people do not believe that the flexible freeze alone will solve the deficit problem. 
And it's not that simple either. 
And you shouldn't have. 
And John spoke 15 years ago about the position he had. 
I think most people know that I did not ask for the presidency. 
So we have our differences. 
Last year, the budget was more than ever unbalanced in our country's history - $65 billion - mainly because our people are not at work. 
And you know, Senator McCain, I think the Straight Talk Express lost a wheel on this one. 
Let me give you an excellent example. 
And I will act responsibly because I have acted responsibly throughout my military career and throughout my career in the United States Senate. 
Barack Obama and I fully agree on one thing: you must have a time line to withdraw the troops and transfer responsibility to the N.E. spend $10 billion a month while the Iraqis have a surplus of $80 billion. 
The President said that when the Democratic Party took its turn, it left it. 
That's right. 
They look down at people who don't have money. 
You boasted about sexually assaulting women. 
But tell me now, don't bury you until after the elections twice. 
They remember it because if you look at what's going on with the vote right now, they remember that you were treating them very, very badly. 
What is relevant here is this tool, this discipline, that he must live in Arkansas, and I would like it for the American people. 
First, we must continue to get their leaders out of the battlefield. 
My name is Bridget Giannotti, and I am a wife and mother of two sons, Carlsbad. 
We're in a big bubble. 
But they lead in very different directions. 
We have stagnating wages. 
Now there are rumblings that a commercial banking crisis is on the horizon. 
Now, Senator Kennedy mentioned a moment ago that there was no Voice of America program for Latin America. 
I think so. 
We will be more committed over time to helping. 
Senator Kennedy? 
That is probably — probably why the 330,000 members of the Fraternal Police Order supported Donald Trump as the next president of the United States of America, because they see his commitment to them. 
And the first word you have to say in every city and every state, and just draw a line in the sand, is the existence of public schools for the benefit of children. 
We cannot afford it over the next eight years and Senator Obama, along with the democrats in charge of Congress, things have worsened. 
SIMPSON_(continuation): You wanted a brief point in there. 
And Mr. Vice-President -- Dan, if I may -- it was 16 years ago that you and I went to Congress the very first day together. 
These are American jobs and opportunities. 
My family prays. 
Who exactly, and what exactly were you thinking? 
But I also believe something else about it. 
I can't do that. 
But we can go back to what I have e.h. with regard to the role of vice-president, I had a long discussion, as I am sure the governor did with his director, in my case with Barack. 
And I would also like to congratulate you, as I did on this phone call, on the historic nature of your appointment. 
It's a time -- it should have been a time for American leadership. 
We're protecting Saudi Arabia. 
Well, you're gonna have the first word in the next segment. 
May I ask in the future that the rebuttal stick to what rebuttal is. 
Let me say that I found one thing in Governor Bush's answer that we certainly agree with, and that is the low-income heating assistance program. 
You're going to disavow your plan. 
It seems to me that this is the heart of what needs to be done from the point of view of education. 
And ironically, the only thing that has strengthened Iran in recent years has been the war in Iraq. 
So it is not a question of saying that our budget is full of waste. 
I didn't think I'd say that, but I'm gonna say it, and I hate to say it. 
We have written agreements and we have missiles that have been destroyed, but we have a large number of intercontinental ballistic missiles that are still in place in Russia. 
And when Donald Trump is president of the United States, we — we are not going to have the — the kind of posture in the world that has Russia invading Crimea and Ukraine, which has China building new islands in the South China Sea, which literally has the world, including North Korea, flouting American power. 
Secondly, one of the things we need to pay attention to in politics is to throw money at a system that has not yet been reformed. 
He says he doesn't, but the policies he exposes to put conditions on M.F.N. 
I believe that the way to reduce the deficit is to control the growth of compulsory spending programs, not to increase taxes on the American people. 
And the vapors that come—if you are a believer in carbon emissions, the vapors that come to make—make these massive windmills is more than anything we talk about with natural gas, which is very clean. 
I couldn't figure out why it happened at first. 
Health care. 
Look, the past is prologue, Gwen. 
It's called premium support, but it's understood as a voucher program. 
They should be closed for anyone. 
The right way for America is to have a real policy all-in-all. 
Number one. 
But as moderator, I have the opportunity to follow and extend any particular gift and take another three and a half minutes. 
It was also tested positive. 
You're shooting a Clinton. 
KENNEDY: When the vice-president quotes me in January, sixty, I don't think the federal government should pay teachers' salaries directly, but that was not the issue before the Senate in February. 
And I accept what the president said. 
Help me succeed in these programs. 
I do not want to say anything critical of Senator Dole, but I have never heard Mr.Ford say that this is his main consideration - which is the best person I can choose in this country to be President of the United States? 
HILLIARD: Governor Reagan, the country's employees - especially young people - support a social security system that continues to affect their income considerably. 
And the answer, of course, is that communist espionage continues all the time. 
More people fall into poverty. 
And that is the fundamental reason why we cannot let the farmer go alone at the moment. 
I'll try. 
Yes. 
And we signed an agreement with North Korea that my administration found out that the North Koreans were not honoured. 
MARGOLIS: Senator, since you joined the Senate, you have voted against the Environmental Protection Bill about two-thirds of the time. 
It should not be repealed. 
PALIN: Well, our founding fathers were very wise there by allowing by the Constitution a lot of flexibility there in the office of vice-president. 
And I think the hug Tom Daschle gave him at that time was pretty much as true as there were no Democrats, no Republicans, we were just Americans. 
So on weapons, someone wants to vote according to your differences, where are the differences? 
This line is getting a little old, I must say. 
That's what I'd do. 
I totally agree. 
There are, as you know and as you have said, jurisdictions across the country with strong firearms control laws. 
I know the president swollen a lot about that. 
What I would propose, and I proposed it in March when I was a candidate in my own state of Illinois, I proposed $11. 
Mr LEVY; Mr Vice-President, the Department of Labour has today added five other major industrial centres to the list of areas where unemployment is high. 
The African-American community has been disappointed by our politicians. 
I was at the oval office the night President Clinton sent our troops from Ft Bragg. 
He was kidnapped. 
The next thing is to try to get more business entrepreneurship within the reach of minorities so that these businesses are located in the communities in which they are located. 
And I -- and I do not honestly believe that Senator Obama has the knowledge or experience and has made the wrong judgments in a number of areas, including his initial reaction to the Russian invasion -- the aggression in Georgia, to his -- you know, we have seen this obstinacy in this administration before clinging to the conviction that, in one way or another, the push has failed and not admit that he was wrong about the push is -- shows me that we -- that -- we need more flexibility in a president of the United States than that. 
VALERIANI: Mr. Speaker, the Government Accounting Office has just released a report suggesting that you pulled out of the hip in the Mayaguez rescue mission and ignored the diplomatic messages that a peaceful solution was in prospect. 
But I believe the evidence is that our deployments were successful, in Haiti, in Bosnia, when we moved to Kuwait to repel Saddam Hussein's threat of invasion of Kuwait. 
I want a smaller and smarter government. 
This is new and very different from what happened, but it is not quite ready to be fully implemented. 
Mr Kemp, back to the question of philosophy. 
It's as simple as that. 
May I make a comment - part of the question you asked, Mr Trewhitt? 
We paid off the debt for two years. 
So I'm going to look wherever we invest money. 
What is really at stake here is whether or not women will have the right to choose. 
I believe in the need to increase oil production. 
In light of this, why do you remain so categorical in your opposition to effective control of firearms in that country? 
I am also very pleased that we are on track in Indiana to become the most favourable state for adoption in America. 
These are people who are bad people who should not be _when you have 3,000 shootings in Chicago from January 1, when you have 4,000 people killed in Chicago by weapons, since the beginning of the presidency of Barack Obama, his hometown, you must have stop-and-frisk. 
Now I think we have a selective policy of engagement. 
HARRIS: – this tax bill – 
Hillary Clinton went from end to end with Russia to reach an agreement on New START. 
They'll be gone soon. 
LEHRER: About the idea that to reduce the deficit, there must be revenue in addition to reductions. 
In 1958, while under-Secretary of State, Mr. Herter stated that they were strategically indefensible. 
ROMNEY: If so, then it will always be the best product people can buy. 
A green light lights up when 30 seconds remain in a given response, yellow at 15 seconds, red at five seconds, and then flashing red means the time is up. 
But perhaps what I bring most is friendship, shared values and shared priorities with Al Gore. 
For example, would you accept another debate, before it is over, so that the American people will have another chance before election day to compare you? 
We start with Diane -- Diane Sawyer. 
He broke that promise. 
And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. 
I was talking about exporting this technology to China, so when they burn their dirty coal, it won't be as dirty, it'll be n.t. Here's the bottom line, Gwen: How to deal with global warming with a continuous addition to carbon emissions? 
Let me point out that even today, in the Los Angeles Times Clyde Prestowitz, which was one of President Reagan's leading trade advisers and a lifetime Conservative Republican, approved my candidacy because he knows that I will have a free and fair trade policy, a firm, realistic policy, and not let myself be caught up in everything the Bush administration has done. 
You said recently that you would consider raising the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour. 
I would have, too, when I was asked if I wanted a wallet, my answer was, no. 
Number two. 
And you're going to increase the defense budget. 
Laws in this regard have always been state laws. 
And I -- and we've always said that's not appropriate. 
The tax code should reflect our values in a Judeo-Christian sense, that work, honesty and integrity as well as contracts and goods, investments and savings should be rewarded, and Bob Dole and Jack Kemp will not only reduce tax rates at all levels and reduce capital gains tax. 
He was unable to obtain a majority in the Senate, and Speaker Gingrich was unable to obtain a majority in the Senate to support him. 
We need to do better in education. 
Do you think a president must be friendly to be an effective leader? 
KENNEDY: I do not disagree with the Vice-President's position in this regard. 
We need a program for the uninsured. 
First - first, I would say a prayer for myself and for the country that I am about to lead. 
The tearing video of a 5-year-old Syrian boy named Omran sitting in an ambulance after being pulled from the rubble after an air strike in Aleppo focused the world's attention on the horrors of the war in Syria, with 136 million views on Facebook e. t there are far worse images coming out of Aleppo every day, where, in recent weeks alone, 400 people have been killed, including at least 100 children. 
And these are the policies I want to bring to the White House. 
If you're a Medicare person, on Medicare, you don't have the new procedures. 
Mr. Frankel, a question for Governor Carter. 
Herter said it himself. 
In the second quarter, we reduced it to about 13%. 
We're talking about protecting ourselves from the unexpected, but the flu season is suddenly on us. 
We have a question from James Carter. 
President Trump, you appointed Amy Coney Barrett over the weekend to succeed Ruth Bader Ginsburg in court. 
I am against abortion at partial birth, but you must have an exception for the life of the mother and the health of the mother under the strictest test of bodily injury to the mother. 
Their response, this administration to every problem is another regulation and another tax. 
But I want to go back to 1965. 
This leads us to closing statements. 
This is well ahead of the national average. 
All right, let's move on to our next section, which is national security. 
Governor Rockefeller was much more critical of our position in the world in June than I was. 
Are we as strong as we should be? 
It's okay. 
I hope we can do it. 
And it started a campaign to try to get the record companies to put up ratings that -- warning labels for the parents. 
And he took a huge blow and everyone knows now that he took a very unfair blow. 
What I voted for and what Senator Bentsen voted for is to delay adjustments to the cost of living. 
And I don't think you can turn the White House into a Waffle House. 
We can revive this economy. 
This current campaign financing system has not reflected anyone's credit in either part. 
First of all, the Soviet Union, if I have been critical of some of the previous agreements, it is because we have been off the table for quite some time. 
But you're the president. 
And what has always been part of the strength of our nation, in addition to our great army, is that we keep our word. 
I don't think that's true, but you know, let the others get away with it. 
It is a great tribute to our founders that 224 years later this nation is now regarded by the peoples of all other continents and by the peoples of all parts of the earth as a kind of model for what their future might be. 
This is the next issue. 
We can grow and we can be cleaner, if we go on the road we propose. 
That's what I did as governor, too, taking my own side, when I had to, and working with both sides of the aisle, in my cabinet, naming those who would serve independently of the party, Democrats, independents, Republicans, whatever it took to do the job. 
I'm going to fight for middle-class families and for the men and women who work, and I'll never let you down. 
And the financial statements don't give you the tax rate. 
It finally reaches 50 cents at the end of the 5th year. 
Lorraine Osorio has a question for you about a subject we don't have... OBAMA: Is that for Governor Romney? 
Now, our challenge is to take these things, to do something with them. 
And I covered it again and again on paper and television. 
PENCE: You know there's not a past day when I haven't thought about every American family that's lost a loved one. 
He just -- he said, let go bankrupt, period. 
The first out of thirty-eight presidents who ever resigned from a public service under pressure. 
And it is certain that Mr.Mondale is fine, with a million and four revenue, but the question is really - after obtaining this disclosure - is the tax reduction fair? 
If I had to defend the liberal policies of the government. 
When we return to 3.5 to 4 percent growth with the Donald Trump plan, then we will have the resources to meet the needs of our nation at home and abroad, and we will have the capacity to reduce the national debt. 
The last people who need help are 120,000 families for another -- another $500 billion tax reduction over the next 10 years. 
I do not believe that the legalization of narcotics is the answer. 
Your comment, Mr. Vice President? 
Wrong. 
But in almost all categories, they're late. 
We have a bumper harvest this year. 
The so-called negotiation that you said I left was the so-called march in the woods between one of our representatives and one of the Soviet Union, and it was not I who refused, the Soviet Union disavowed it. 
FERRARO: I spent time in Central America in January and had the opportunity to talk to the contras after the incident in Nicaragua and El Salvador. 
The horse's up there. 
It's an interruption, by the way. 
QUIJANO: Governor, Mr Trump said... PENCE: Ronald Reagan said that a nation without borders is not a nation. 
And I think we need to do this as quickly as possible, because it is recognised by the commanders on the ground that the situation is getting worse, not better. 
Trying to do this, one of you will be the President of the United States. 
- Haiti. 
They know that. 
We do not know what the future will bring. 
In fact, if this administration had received the amount of funding it had requested from the Republican Congress, we would be further involved in the implementation of this long-term strategy to develop cleaner energy sources, by granting tax credits to individuals and businesses to conserve and use energy more efficiently. 
Well, that sounds very good, but it's very bad. 
The governors said I had done a phenomenal job. 
Here we go again. 
But we have greatly improved our fight against terrorism. 
And we have pressured them to make sure they do; to recognize women's rights, which is crucial throughout the region. 
I'm leaving. 
It will not only be a question of imposing a ban on choking and carotid holes. 
Sorry, Helen. 
And so I think my final statement is that I think I'm in a room with people who are not the life of reality. 
WOODRUFF: Senator Quayle, one minute to respond. 
My opponent talks about me not signing certain treaties. 
We already have 75 percent of his people. 
That's the problem I have with the big Liberals spending. 
And with regard to this quote, I think the Vice-President knows very well that sometimes words don't come out of your mouth in the right way. 
This is a very important issue that we are talking about. 
Admiral Yarnell, commander of the Asian fleet, said these islands are not worth the bones of a single American. 
And we now have an approval rating of 91% at the VA, our veterinarians. 
We are also implementing the plan to place 100,000 community police officers in our cities. 
All right. 
And I will be a president who will turn our inner cities around and give strength to people and give economy to people and bring back jobs. 
And there is a lot of fear — in fact, teachers and parents call it the Trump effect. 
I mean, the reality that you and George Bush keep telling people, first of all, that things are going well in Iraq -- the American people don't need us to explain that to them, they see it on television every day. 
Those of us who served in Vietnam looked at you as a national hero before you even received the Congressional Medal of Honour. 
Energy will play a key role in relations with Russia. 
My plan includes not only a short-term component, but also a long-term component. 
Lebanon. 
And the plans I've been talking about will create even more. 
SCHIEFFER: Do you think the federal government should play a more important role in schools? 
But that's the election. 
As a nation, we are in difficulty because the administration has not addressed these issues. 
We'll start with the second segment with my colleague, Diane Sawyer. 
What really happened was that they now supply 75% of the world's opium. 
We will enforce the trade agreements we have, and we will hold people e.n. I was Secretary of State, we actually increased U.S. exports to the world 30 percent. 
I just wanted to know when your... BUSH: Oh, I see. 
I'm going to help the interns do a terrible job for the African Americans. 
We need more resources there. 
And by the way, maybe you could inject bleach into your arm, and that would take care of her. 
All right. 
And his life was taken, unjustly, tragically and violently. 
They're going to go on. 
And I would like to see the next three weeks devoted to talking about the economy, talking about health care, talking about energy and understanding how Americans can send their children to university. 
George Bush is a good man, an honorable man, a man of great integrity. 
Can you tell us what caused the evaporation of this runway in your opinion? 
We have 20 different agencies within the federal government responsible for production, regulation, energy information, energy conservation across government. 
And we don't think women should be punished, as Donald Trump said, for making the abortion decision. 
What would you say to Senator Scott? 
That's great. 
Success generates contribution, races join the coalition. 
In fact, you should have a few amendments to the Constitution because of the way the Constitution reads. 
In Lebanon, I stood up to President Reagan, my hero, and I said, if we send Marines over there, how could we have a beneficial impact on this situation? 
Of the three of us, I balanced a government budget 12 times, I offered and passed campaign funding reform, offered, pushed and adopted into the restrictions of public referendum lobbyists, does the kind of things you need to do to bring legislators together not only to build consensus, but to challenge them to change. 
So, if Congress does not arise, the secret activities that I have opposed to Nicaragua, these secret CIA activities in this specific country, are not supported by Congress. 
You're okay with that? 
The Shah had made our offers and carried our charge in the Middle East for a while, and I thought it was a stain on our file that we dropped it. 
And despite all this, today they still don't have a plan. 
They asked me to divide the evening into segments. 
Not only have we kept peace for our own country, but we have been able to extend the benefits of peace to others. 
We have people watching tonight and listening tonight trying to find the truth. 
A comment made in a rope was removed from the context. 
The centre is Afghanistan, where, moreover, there were more Americans killed last year than the previous year; where opium production accounts for 75 per cent of global opium production; where 40 to 60 per cent of Afghanistan's economy is based on opium; where elections were postponed three times. 
Maybe it's part of the answer. 
In my view, the only policy that will work will be the balance of supply and demand. 
If we have children who are not surrounded by love and affection -- you see, I look at my grandchildren and wonder if they will learn to walk because they are still in someone's arms. 
17 new taxes, price control, 50 new bureaucracies. 
I'd like to ask you, Mr. Mondale, what is the cause of this? 
Good evening. 
And I want to tell you what I tell them. 
People are sick of it. 
TRUMP: You could have done it, if you were an effective senator — if you were an effective senator, you could have done it. 
It was blocked by a democratic majority Senate. 
The all-volunteer army is working. 
We have — say what you want from this relationship, we have got Saudi Arabia, Mexico and Russia to reduce, well back. 
And that's what I did with that vote. 
The policies of this administration have indicated the opposite. 
Secondly, when we entered, there were three countries: Great Britain, Australia and the United States. 
CLINTON: Thank you first of all for telling me that I had signed the Family Leave Act. 
Including the repair of the broken army you gave me, including taking over your debts. 
We won the Olympics, in part because we have civil rights laws and laws that prohibit discrimination against women. 
And we did it through natural gas and fracturing, which, senator, the American people can look at the file. 
I think there are a lot of tests, Mr. Kennedy. 
Not just a state problem. 
Remember when we rationed energy in this country? Waiting lines at gas stations. 
Congressman Ferraro, please. 
We have not seen the kind of consistency that a commander-in-chief must have in order to be a warlord and to be able to see the strategy until victory. 
CLINTON: When Senator Dole made this remark about all the elitists, all the young elitists in the administration, one of the young men who worked for me and grew up in a caravan looked at me and told me, Mr. Speaker, I know how you grew up, who he's talking about. 
Actually, Mr. Nixon talked about it a week ago in a speech. 
SHADEL: Mr.Drummond's question now for Senator Kennedy. 
Every time our interest rates rise by one percent, it adds $28 billion to the deficit or debt. 
And this can only be done through government action. 
RYAN: We -- we -- we -- we said -- we put him together with Clinton's former budget manager. 
He was a Romanian Holocaust survivor aged 70 and over. 
Moreover, the contradictory relationship between us and the Soviet Union would undoubtedly deteriorate very quickly. 
And here, on this particular issue, I have a big difference with my opponent. 
That's what a governor can do. 
The potential is there to really change the leadership of this country, but it will take the leadership to make the American people want to see our nation standing on the world stage again. 
But we are convinced that we could do a serious blow to the Iranians. 
I'd say about 30%. 
And he sees the world for the first time totally united to oppose him getting a nuclear weapon. 
Children don't vote and migrant workers are exactly a powerful lobby in this country, but he did it because it was fair. 
I want to make sure that prescription drugs are available to all seniors. 
Secretary Clinton, you can answer, and then we have to move on. 
He has been in office for two years, and there has been absolutely no progress towards a new SALT agreement. 
TRUMP: And frankly, these stories have been largely dismantled. 
I'm very sensitive to education. 
Peter Jennings, a question for Governor Dukakis. 
(CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: Mr Vice-President, what would you suggest - what would you suggest beyond the increase in taxes on the rich, which would significantly reduce the long-term deficit? 
You can make a lot of money and pay lower tax rates than someone who does much less. 
Now, assemble your plans by Christmas, be ready to leave when Congress leaves, nail these things. 
Now, what happens is when you start getting covered up like this -- for example, in the case of diabetes, if you diagnose diabetes early, you could save $50 billion in the U.S. health care system by avoiding surgery and dialysis. 
All he does is take time that we would like to devote to the debate. 
In the last four months alone, five hundred thousand Americans have been unemployed. 
Civilians board aircraft and their baggage is radiographic, but the cargo hold is not radiographic. 
And the sad fact is that racial profiling occurs in this country. 
Why didn't you add other things to the deal? 
We agree with the administration on their 2014 transition. 
But nothing is more important than not borrowing $700 billion or more from China and sending it to Saudi Arabia. 
Maybe some of them are better off. 
And I look forward to this debate. 
Félicitations. 
See, the subjective thing is when President Bush reacts? 
Number one. 
For example, we fly unmanned vehicles that can send real-time messages to stations in the United States. 
Madam Governor, Margaret has a question for you. 
Mr. NIXON: Thank you, Mr. Smith. 
The Lewin report states precisely that there will be 20 million people, more than 20 million people added to government-controlled health care. 
I would also like to completely review our criminal justice system to do some things at the federal level in the court reform that I have just described, as has been done in Georgia and other states. 
He says he's going to replace Dodd-Frank, Wall Street reform, but we don't know exactly which one. 
As far as the Third World is concerned, I support the Baker Plan. 
But I am not in favour of a constitutional amendment on this. 
WALLACE: You have repeatedly criticized the Vice-President for not specifically calling Antifa and other extremist left-wing groups. 
But your party openly pleads for the addition of seats to the Supreme Court, which has had nine seats for 150 years, if you do not get your way. It's a classic case of if you can't win by the rules, you'll change the rules. 
Thank you very much, Chris. 
I'll ask a question at the beginning of each segment. 
We need to move forward to stay ahead. 
Everything you've heard from Donald is not true. 
We overturned the country. 
That's how I really feel. 
A voice doesn't make a difference." 
If you don't agree, leave this room with something else tonight and if the people watching us don't leave with something else, I hope you'll leave with that. 
President Obama believes that the government should be able to take up to 44.8 per cent of a small business's income. 
You know, that's, you can walk around saying things are great and that's what we're going to hear, we've heard about these ads for two months. 
Do you know that this administration removed the word science from the site? 
Even the people under... 
And he said our troops would be occupants in a bitterly hostile country. 
We must be hard on international terrorism. 
Their aspirations are similar to those of young people. 
And if Obamacare has passed, or implemented -- it has already passed -- if it is fully implemented, it will still be $2,500 more. 
What he says is that gays and lesbians cannot be dismissed from their jobs because they are gay or lesbian. 
NOVINS: Senator Kennedy, with respect to these problems of the future that you are talking about, and the program that you set out earlier in your direct speech, you are asking for the expansion of certain social assistance programs for schools, teachers' salaries, medical care, etc., but you are also asking for the reduction of the federal debt. 
And I'm so proud of what she did by getting them up there. 
So we've had to strengthen the army and we're on track to do this. 
So, we have two that I'd put as number one. 
He told Cincinnati that we would plan carefully, that we would take every precaution. 
About one hundred to one hundred and four billion dollars is the result of government activity. 
And you probably know the light system. 
We build roads and they cost two, three and four times what they're supposed to cost. 
We have a question here. 
And so I don't know what the answer is. 
But it's good for the rich to choose to send their children to private schools, but it's not good for the middle class and the poor workers to choose where they want to send their children to school. 
But we're also going to have to look, how have we shredded so many regulations? 
You suggested a commission, Newt Gingrich did it, I suggested it at least four or five years ago. 
The foreign policy of the United States under this administration has been progress and success. 
Ironically, the same plan as Maliki, the Prime Minister of Iraq and George Bush are negotiating. 
And it's so important that the Americans know the choices they have on November 4. 
And the result is that our strengths today are overstretched. 
And they will have to undergo the same review as all projects competing with others. 
I was born in Detroit. 
He's a guy who, when Central Park five, five innocent black children, kept pushing to make sure they got the death penalty. 
They should make their voices heard, but they should not have a megaphone that drowns the American people. 
Having a free and peaceful hemisphere is in the interests of our nation. 
HEARING MEMBER: Governor Bush -- BUSH: Yes, sir. 
Syria - Syria is not only a tragedy of 30,000 civilians killed by a military, but also an important strategic player for America. 
Our desire is to find ways to reform our educational system, to restore it to its ancient glory. 
Because the FBI did an investigation. 
Would you -- do you still hold this statement, or do you want to retract or explain yourself? 
Let me finish. 
He - uh, left aside some that I recommended, unfortunately. 
I don't know what it is. 
And that matches his philosophy. 
We saw this message in the late 1970s when we heard a lot about change, and what happened, this index of misery crossed the roof. 
The army said the thrust would be extinguished. 
HEARING MEMBER: Hello. 
I want to move on to another subject. 
Now, I'm not talking about the rich or the poor -- I know your point of view on their taxes -- but about families earning $25,000 to $45,000 a year. 
On this question, why do you think that people should vote for you rather than for the Vice-President? 
We want to insist on high standards. 
Mr. Perot. 
And they will have lower premiums, you can buy in the best diets, cheaper diets, reduce your premiums, deal with unexpected billing, and significantly lower your drug price. 
Not in schools, but in -- you know, 46% of Chicago teachers, public school teachers, send their children to private school. 
Gentlemen, Russia. 
I'm going to get America to work again and see the pay rise to take home, and I'm going to do it with five simple steps. 
If I thought you did a good job, I would never have run. 
Mr. Bush never appointed a judge. 
You land in LaGuardia, you land in Kennedy, you land in LAX, you land in Newark, and you come from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible_you come from China, you see these incredible airports, and you land_we have become a Third World country. 
Instead of being in a war where millions of people — Seoul, you know, is 25 miles away, millions and millions, 32 million people in Seoul — millions would have died right now. 
Senator McCain mentioned that she reviewed our files. 
And I think the federal government has to say that if you receive money from the federal government for disadvantaged children, for example, you have to show us whether or not children are learning. 
I'm going to use my time a little differently. 
Why did he get tens of millions of dollars? 
I live in a state where employment growth in the manufacturing sector has far exceeded the nation in recent years, where we have created more jobs in the private sector since Mr Bush was president than in the rest of the country, where Mr Bush's Secretary of Labour said that employment growth has been huge. 
And again, I'm going back, he had nothing. 
Race remains an important challenge in our country. 
Japan is trying to get the company from the commercial airline. 
RYAN: And what he does is undermine our credibility by supporting the point when we do that all the options are on the table. 
You take the gross product you produce, I suppose you're a farmer, out of your farm, and you convert it. 
And to add... PENCE: He's talking about foreign criminals. 
But I'm also going to tell you that it's important right now to remember that Hillary Clinton had a private server in her house that had secret information about her... QUIJANO: And I don't — 30 seconds is up. 
Wouldn't you have done any of this? 
Of course, I hope to win your vote, I hope to be elected in November, and I can promise you, I will work with every American.I want to be the president of all Americans, whatever your political beliefs, where you come from, what you look like, your religion. 
LEHRER: 30 seconds, senator. 
Let me also say that we have an election today. 
Mr. SHADEL: [interpretation] 
We are independent of energy for the first time. 
And she said, "You know, by finally getting Bin Laden, it brought me a certain closure." 
It's time to have a leader who doesn't push back tomorrow what we should do today. 
They are very important elements of the health care safety net. 
He dropped it to 4% in high schools in this state, while he went to the rest of the nation. 
So part of the reason why I think it's so important for us to end the war in Iraq is to be able to get more troops in Afghanistan, to put more pressure on the Afghan government to do what it has to do, to eliminate some of the drug trafficking that finances terrorism. 
By the time they retire, they will not only have guaranteed social security, but more than $200,000 in this pension fund. 
I've always encouraged them. 
Revenues have increased for everyone. 
And Europeans didn't like this decision. 
I ask you for your confidence. 
Since World War II, we have never been asked to sacrifice anything to help our country, except the blood of our heroic men and women. 
Why is your judgment better than... TRUMP: And when it — excuse me. 
Iran is at its weakest point, economically, strategically, militarily, and then in many years. 
Some Democrats have stated that verification may not be possible. 
But I say that any statement that the Republican party is happy to trigger is denied by the file. 
The budget we are talking about does not reduce our military spending. 
We should have more debate. 
It is the growth that we are seeking; it is the growth that this administration has sustained and that its policies have stimulated. 
Because you're going to decide if we're going to balance the budget now, but protect Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
The American people saw John Kerry on Thursday night. 
In fact, when Massachusetts did something extraordinary -- elected a Republican senator to arrest Obamacare, you pushed him through anyway. 
He didn't say otherwise. 
Every time we made a serious mistake in foreign affairs, it was because the American people were excluded from the process. 
What other question would you like most to see your opponent forced to answer? 
But frankly, I don't think that's the problem today. 
As soon as I became President, I started a meeting with NATO Heads of State and met them in Brussels to discuss how we could improve re-defence relations in Western Europe. 
There is no difference between our point of view and theirs. 
I agree with John Kerry from Thursday night that the danger of nuclear weapons entering the hands of terrorists is one of the greatest threats facing America. 
These are places where people can get primary care. 
But let me go first, Cheryl, if you want, I want to thank Charlie for moderated. 
You want it repealed. 
Is he right? 
People from all over the world with a degree in science and mathematics get a green card stapled to their degree, come to the United States of America. 
I want to focus first on taxes. 
They sent me a picture of her in the classroom. 
The content of the campaign you conducted, both in terms of issues and your rhetoric, even surprised some of your friends. 
That's why we're going to have to go to the housing market and we're going to have to buy these bad loans and we're going to have to stabilize the values of the house, and in this way, Americans, like Alan, can realize the American dream and stay in their house. 
I would be prepared, as President, to meet Mr Khrushchev or any other world leader if that would serve the cause of peace. 
And a lot of things the President spoke about, he turned to the United Nations. 
We've learned a lot. 
And I pay tribute — I pay tribute to all the mayors, two chiefs of police, because it worked. 
It's an illusion. 
And, for example, when crime figures go in the right direction, it's a civil law. 
And for a fiscally responsible government, balance the budget. 
I don't want the federal government to allow grandmothers. 
MORGAN: Senator, on Saturday on television, you said that you always thought that Quemoy and Matsu were not wise places to draw our defence line in the Far East. 
We are not going to spend billions on MXs on railway cars, which is a system of weapons that we do not need, cannot afford and will not help our defence posture at all. 
John McCain voted 20 times against financing alternative energy sources and I guess the only answer is to drill, drill, drill. 
And, Mr President, yesterday, the Duelfer report told you and the whole world that they had worked. 
Is it a mistake not to intervene? 
Look, it's the year -- it's after Columbine, and Paducah, and all the places in our country where the nation was shocked by these weapons in the hands of the wrong people. 
TRUMP: I want to see an honest voting account. 
I've been working on this long and hard. 
It wouldn't be fair for me to do that. 
We've come a long way together to do it. 
Mr. President, the last two minutes belong to you. 
Including the senators who had already supported him on the Republican side. 
You recently warned at the rallies that this election is rigged and that Hillary Clinton is trying to steal it from you. 
I'll tell you what kind of judges he's gonna wear. 
The president doesn't have a plan. 
QUESTION: Mr President, Governor Romney, as a 20-year-old student, all I hear from teachers, neighbours and others is that when I graduate, I will have little chance of getting a job. 
MODERATOR: We have to go to the closing statements and -- BUSH: Well, can I answer? 
In the meantime, people with insurance, you already have a discount. 
Can either of you promise tonight categorically that no one will lose benefits under your plans? 
If the wrong guy is killed, then it's a double tragedy. 
It's almost over. 
And we hope that their leadership will make the right decision, but the agreement we will accept is that they end their nuclear program. 
Do you think middle-income Americans are overtaxed or sub-taxed? 
The HMO, the insurance company, cannot win this doctor to give you complete advice. 
I would therefore like to ask you, if you are committed to publishing specific forecasts within two weeks, so that voters can absorb and understand them and analyse them, showing exactly what these problems you mentioned this evening - on energy, on defence, on cities - how these impacts on inflation, and what inflation is really going to be over five years. 
We are talking about unemployment lines. 
And I said everything I know. 
That's why Al and I are committed to putting this excess of social security in a safe, without touching it. 
First of all, I think you must have some principles in which you believe. 
We believed it, and we did. 
It burns because of a lack of management. 
But 11 million new jobs and everything, I mean that the president can't take credit for everything that governors do, whether it's in New York when it comes to the murder rate and then not be responsible for the bad things that happen, whether it's drug use or something else in America. 
- Then answer my questions. 
He went to Cincinnati and he gave a speech in which he said, "We will plan carefully. 
Let him answer -- let him answer that specific question about Dodd-Frank and what the governor just said. 
Yes, and thousands, perhaps millions of Americans have been extinguished because of the problems that have emerged from our involvement in Vietnam. 
So it's not a matter of his heart, as far as I know. 
But you must have some basic ability. 
We don't have refinery capacity. 
But the problem is that he did not describe exactly what we could replace by, except that we are going to leave it to the states. 
Now, it is true, however, that I think we should have direct discussions - not only with our friends, but also with our enemies - to convey a hard and direct message to Iran that, if you do not change your behavior, then there will be terrible consequences. 
And for this reason, he contributed to any lack of prestige. 
I fought against her. 
We need to go back to see. 
I've been campaigning on this since the primary school. 
Proud they voted for the right candidate. 
And I look forward to it if I am privileged to be in this role of working with you in the Senate to ensure that we repay this effort. 
You can give a tax credit, but it won't work. 
And the kind of plan Donald put in place would be the economy down again. 
Whether or not our forces are high morale, high standing and well equipped. 
And I'm curious about what you said. 
We have a problem that is a global problem. 
We present these debates to give citizens the opportunity to see and hear the candidates present their positions on important issues of concern to us all. 
In Houston, there has been a 15 per cent drop in the crime rate over the past year due to the mayor's work there to increase the police. 
And that's not how a commander-in-chief acts. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Mr. President, let's go back to economic issues. 
I think this is a moral issue that should be left to the individual's freedom of conscience. 
Each of these countries is independent, autonomous: it has its own territorial integrity and the United States does not recognize that these countries are under the domination of the Soviet Union. 
Because many young women in this country take this right for granted and it could be lost. 
And its campaign manager, Patti Doyle, went to endure the campaign, his campaign against President Obama, fought very hard. 
Our airports are like a third world country. 
Let me cite one last example. 
We have had a very clear decision over the last eight years. 
And at the same time, assuming that I sign the tax bill mentioned by Mr. Gannon, in the last two tax bills, we will have increased the minimum tax on all rich taxpayers. 
Didn't it surprise you? 
It's not just after places where there's abuse. 
BUSH: And I said a long time ago that I supported the president on this other issue. 
SCHIEFFER: Senator Kerry, after September 11 -- and this is a new question for you -- it seemed to me that the country has met as I have never seen since the Second World War. 
More than half of these 10 and a half million new jobs are in higher wage sectors and we will have more manufacturing and sales worldwide. 
The last thing we need to do is go back to the same policies that led us there. 
We would have won what Bill Clinton had won. 
I accept it in my personal life. 
More than what you spend on food, clothing and shelter combined for taxes under this administration. 
Some of these other countries, particularly in developing countries, are much more polluted than anywhere else and their population wants higher standards of living. 
Now, it's true that my friend and supporter, Warren Buffett, for example, could afford to pay a little more taxes in order... MCCAIN: We're talking about Joe the plumber. 
Can I answer -- QUAYLE: Why is he qualified to be President of the United States? 
You're absolutely right. 
Is it the kind of thing, to be precise, that you as president would consider using American military force to get him out? 
Critics have said that at least three times in recent years - on the sending of American troops to Indochina in 1954, on the question of the continuation of U-2 flights uh - in May, then on this definition of - from our commitment to the offshore island - that you overestimated the position of the administration, that you took a more belligerent position than President Eisenhower. 
What's worse? 
Your other brother made a fortune, and all this through you, Joe. 
It's a record they think they can play that everyone likes to hear. 
Look, we, whatever happens, we have to cut spending. 
With regard to forest fires, President Trump and I believe that forest management must be at the forefront, and even your state's Governor Gavin Newsome has agreed that we need to work on forest management. 
I wish he was with me when I sat down with a group of black teenagers, and told me about their unemployment problems, and that it was the minimum wage that had eliminated the jobs they could previously get. 
Governor, you say you want a bigger army. 
I'm not going to change my religious practice to get a vote, but I know how to take an oath and respect the law. 
The hemisphere is in our interest to have a peaceful Colombia. 
President Tito is old and sick and there are divisions in his country. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, you have a moment -- a minute, I'm sorry. 
And I think I got this. 
KAINE: How can you support the troops if you don't pay taxes? 
They're not on the left or on the right. 
And that's what people do in big cities and small towns across the country, so I just want to encourage you, Brecklynn, I want to tell you that we're going to work every day to have a government as good as our people, the American people, every day. 
And we have to pull the weapons out of the hands of people who should not have an epidemic of weapons is the main cause of the death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes combined. 
If he were in court, I suspect that there would be a lot of changes that I do not like and that the American people would not like, including everything that comes from Roe v. Wade on civil rights and civil liberties issues. 
I just want to make sure everyone understands. 
That would be very disturbing for the Americans. 
I didn't attend any fundraisers. 
In fact, we put together a $5. 6 trillion surplus in the 1990s to save social security. 
More money goes to -- can I have a refutation here? 
What is an article of faith for me is not something I can legislate on someone who does not share this article of faith. 
That's the kind of defense program that Mr. Carter wants. 
And most Americans know the difference. 
And so I don't think our troops should be used for what is called nation building. 
Can I answer that? 
I have filed more information than any other candidate for a national office in the history of this country. 
How long did he have to wait... 
I hope I've gained your trust, because a lot of being president is trust and character. 
If you take care of an elderly person at home, you will get an increase in the personal exemption. 
Because you look back at your testimony over the years, you called them a lot worse than that. 
PENCE: They call it comprehensive immigration reform — they call it comprehensive immigration reform on Capitol Hill. 
QUAYLE: But the question is -- the question is -- and you didn't address it, and that is why Bill Clinton is qualified to be President of the United States. 
We need to move in a new direction. 
They assumed that the inflation rate was due to excessive demand and therefore put into effect a tight constraint on the economy, very high interest rates, which is also typical of the Republican administration, uh - tried to increase tax payments by individuals, and to reduce tax payments by corporations. 
As of tonight, more than 12 million people are unemployed. 
And I beat Congress on that, and then we passed a decent civil rights bill that provides guarantees against discrimination in employment. 
We asked the interviewees to be brief. 
There's a challenge. 
It's 10 cents a year cumulative. 
And I'm trying to point out that what I want to do is keep doing it. 
She didn't interrupt you. 
He's the same man. 
What are you going to do about the fact that millions of people. 
We can do it and we can do it by investing money in — it's a transition to that. 
This is because we believe in investment in education and employment. 
You may remember that the stock market began to decline considerably six months before I came to power, and then the bubble of the 1990s broke out. 
I believe that if, over all these years, we have tried to get the amendment, we have spent as much time correcting these laws as we have done in California - and we have been the first to do so. 
My brother, who I think is the best teacher of the year, and here's a cry to all those third-year students from Gladys Wood Elementary School, you get an extra credit to look at this e.n. in America has been in some sense in some of our states just accepted to be a little lax, and we need to raise the standards. 
Why should they search your files? 
We mobilize humanitarian support and support for the opposition. 
WELKER: And of course, the CDC said that young people can get sick with VOCID-19 and pass it. 
We've been around for 240 years. 
But he couldn't do it, too, again. 
If you are among the lowest 20% of employees, then you will get an expanded earned income tax credit. 
He did not tell you that he vetoed a middle class tax reduction because it would be paid by increasing the tax on the rich and that he vetoed an investment tax credit paid by increasing the tax on the rich. 
That's one of the reasons I've already said, and I'm here tonight, if I'm a chair, the very first bill that Joe Lieberman and I will be sending to the U.S. Congress is Bill McCain-Feingold on campaign funding reform. 
You can't both be right. 
It's 100 trillion dollars. 
Persons who will strictly interpret the Constitution and who will not use the bench to draft social policy. 
Secretary Clinton, your time has expired. 
That's the kind of judges I'll appoint. 
We have seen an economy stifled by more taxes, more regulation, a war against coal, and a failed health care reform are known as Obamacare, and the American people know that we need to change. 
This is not much mentioned and appreciated. 
Before I got into this job, I revealed everything we had. 
o Understand that. 
I want to give small business employers a 25% tax credit to encourage the provision of health insurance to small business employees. 
Mr. Perot, you spoke a minute ago about rebuilding the work base. 
GORE: -- health insurance crisis before he even makes a proposal. 
Again, let me point out that Senator Kennedy and I do not disagree with the objectives. 
And I also believe, sir, that the most personal intimate decision that a woman is called upon to make is whether or not she is going to be pregnant in the long term. 
But I've been supporting Medicare ever since. 
He has no respect for her. 
It is against the law in the United States to hire people illegally, and we should apply it properly. 
And there is a determined effort by the Russian air force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who really stand against Assad e. has paid no attention to ISIS. 
Let's get together on this instant control because it will really make a difference. 
Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets, because the nature of our military has changed. 
Mr. RADDATZ: Mr. Secretary Clinton, we move on to a hearing. 
Make a few comments. 
You've amassed a lot of money, a lot of money. 
As candidates, what does it give from your point of view? 
You don't even know who the rebels are. 
Not at all. 
CLINTON: When the change of government took place in Israel, the Israeli people said that we do not want to abandon the peace process. 
Thank you, Charlie. 
Gentlemen, I'm sorry we don't have enough time for two full sequences of questions. 
Drug use has doubled. 
And the only thing that I am quite clear about is that after a decade of drifting jobs, jobs shipped abroad, no one defending American workers and American companies, we have now begun to make real progress. 
TRUMP: I have a lot of bank accounts and they're all listed and they're everywhere. 
It's dirty. 
Ahmadinejad, Kim Jong He, the Castro brothers, other dangerous dictators are those that Barack Obama said he would be willing to meet without the preconditions being met first. 
For this? 
He's been in the legislature. 
That's why I have a plan for energy independence in 10 years. 
Look, I think anyone can check the file. 
Thirty seconds, Mr. Vice President. 
And I ask you for the privilege of leading our nation to be stronger at home and respected again in the world. 
I even reduced some of my favorite programs, such as the child care program I wanted to fund and the national service program, because the president's deficit is growing and I said as a commitment: "I'm going to cut the deficit in two in four years. » 
And I don't think that dog will hunt this time. 
How do you do that? 
Three ways to do that. 
Thank you, President Ford and thank you, Governor Carter, for being with us tonight. 
No applause, please. 
It was an emergency, wasn't it? 
Because the problem in America today to a large extent, Tom, is that we don't trust our institutions because of the corruption on Wall Street and greed and excess and cronyma in Washington, D.C. BROKAW: All right. 
Mitt Romney's a guy in the car. 
In a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed, thousands in recent years, in fact, nearly 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president, more - nearly 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. 
So if the tax plan he described was a tax plan that I was asked to support, I would say absolutely no. 
I will never repeat what I told the President. 
Do you believe, as Vice-President Cheney, that the executive does not have full control over the position of Vice-President, that he is also a member of the legislature? 
Is each of you tonight ready to sit at this table and say face-to-face what your campaigns and the people of your campaigns have said to each other? 
The clock's ticking. 
The average American can't do it. 
QAYLE: Hal, can I -- GORE: I think we have a mandate -- BRUNO: Of course. 
I want to give each middle-class family a tax deduction of $10,000 per year for tuition fees at university so that middle-class families can always send their children to university. 
What I don't know is what the unexpected will be. 
Maybe. 
Let me say something else now. 
So what I tried to do is consistent. 
I know what it takes to get this country back, and I will work with the good Democrats and the good Republicans to do it. 
We will never have this global leadership until we are strong at home, and we can have that strength if we return to basic principles. 
Look at North Carolina. 
And yesterday, a court of appeal with three Republican judges overturned Pence's plan... 
Keep in mind that we have a lot of sanctions in force against Serbia right now. 
There are 3.3 million Muslims in the United States, and I am one of them. 
Governor Bush made it clear the other night that he had not planned that he would be able to go and ask the FDA to come back to this particular issue, mainly because the decision they made was about drugs, not whether or not it would support abortion. 
He himself said, and rightly so, that he would be a strong vice-president. 
The head of education. 
At this level, that is -- gives a new meaning to the word "profitability" for US foreign policy. 
The Abraham Lincoln party was responsible not only for the White House, but also for the Senate. 
Yes. 
The greatest threat we face today is the possibility that terrorists may smuggle a nuclear weapon or biological agent into one of our own cities and threaten the lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans. 
Do you think these former Secretaries of State are wrong about this? 
I do not understand why this measure has not been taken, but the same could be said of so many incidents in all sorts of institutions in our society, but I congratulate Mr. Kemp for the leadership he has shown in moving us away from this kind of attitude. 
He's for weapons registration. 
I believe the Vice-President was responsible for deregulation. 
The President will still be President for the next four months and he is, of course, the only one who can hire this country during this period. 
It's a very, very sad thing. 
We have set a line of 130 percent so that we can direct this aid to the most needy. 
I have also had the opportunity to know and meet other communist leaders around the world. 
But, you know, it became about $122 in difference. 
They are more than - they are not close to getting a nuclear weapon that is capable of being deployed. 
And I deeply regret that the Senate did not do its job and that they did not allow a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person, did not give him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court judges. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): I believe in a reasonable approach to arms control that brings these weapons back to manageable levels. 
We only have six minutes left for questions and answers. 
I could mention the teacher's low salary, but I won't. 
The same goes for Michelle, and I'm sure the same goes for many of you. 
But this law can serve as a lever to get other countries to help us move Cuba towards democracy. 
What does that mean? 
QUARLES: Vice-President Bush, the last three republican administrations, Eisenhower, Nixon and Ford, none of them had trouble with communism, met the Soviets and obtained arms control agreements. 
Now, private schools play a major role in our society. 
Its confirmation would cement the conservative majority of the court, and make it likely open to more restrictions on abortion, even to reverse the historic decision Roe against Wade. 
I think we need to eliminate assignments. 
We need to give one person the responsibility for the fight against AIDS so that it affects all the agencies that deal with it. 
Yes, we now have catastrophic health insurance, but it's going to cost, and that's going to be an extra burden for older citizens. 
The government is paying for Medicare and Medicaid, as you know, and it's very important. 
And that was before the war began. 
As far as possible, we'll get out of it. 
This -- we have weakened our economy. 
I was recently accused of having a secret plan for the hostages. 
And it's a pressure on your family budget, but it's also bad for our national security, because countries like Russia and Venezuela and, you know, in some cases countries like Iran benefit from higher oil prices. 
We had not done the work that had to be done. 
In the aftermath of Vietnam, Cambodia, Chile, Pakistan, Angola, Watergate, the CIA, we were wounded. 
We must therefore have fixed-cost contracts. 
First, we had Muslims in America from George Washington. 
I believe we can all work together to ensure that people in the future have more and that we can all work together to build a better America. 
BENTSEN: Again, I think that what we are looking at here is someone who can intervene at the level of the Presidency right now, if this tragedy occurs. 
He forgot to tell you that he voted for social security benefits more than once. 
Does this create jobs, increase incomes, and contribute to our national security? 
Help us bring America to a new era of greatness. 
I think we have seen a deterioration in values. 
And when I go around, despite the tax reduction, the thing that business as in people like the most is the fact that I cut the regulation. 
I am therefore convinced that, together with the French, the British, the Germans and other countries, democracies around the world, we can affect Iranian behaviour. 
Bill Clinton and I are for change because we don't believe our nation can handle four more years of what we've had under George Bush and Dan Quayle. 
But this is outrageous because, for the political advantage, every time they do, they scare millions of older people who are totally dependent on social security, have no other place to turn. 
If these are anti-satellite weapons, I assume they will be directed against satellites. 
You're stealing the Americans from their savings. 
The law, after all, is supposed to express our values and aspirations for our society. 
I am prepared to provide this leadership. 
So the question is: does anyone think that the big problem we had was that there was too much monitoring and regulation of Wall Street? 
The power of the example is America's greatest power in the world. 
For 30 years, you've been doing it, and now you're just starting to think about solutions. 
During a recent 30-day period, 37 terrorist acts were committed in 20 countries. 
They're gonna do crazy things and you don't know what's gonna happen. 
My question is: aren't you demagoging the problem of social security? 
DeGaulle stirred them up and said: "No, no, no, no. 
I've never flirted in my life. 
The test is, you're doing everything you can to make America safe? 
Mondale, suggested that it might become necessary to erect a military quarantine or blockade of Nicaragua. 
Quijano: Senator Kaine, if you had any information that North Korea was going to launch a missile, a nuclear missile capable of reaching the United States, would you take preventive measures? 
And this will lead to another five-star migraine at the bottom of the road. 
or at what speed has it changed its position on education? 
I want you to know that I care about it passionately and that I will fight until it becomes law. 
Joe Biden – one of the reasons Joe decided to run for the presidency – is after Charlottesville, which we talked about earlier, it upset him so much and upset him, like all of us, that there was this kind of hatred and division. 
He's been following this tax plan for 18 months. 
DUKAKIS: If he's serious about what he's saying, then the only place he can go to balance this budget is to attack the Social Security Trust Fund, and he tried that in 1985, and I think he'll try again. 
The secretary will have two minutes and you will have two minutes. 
Ferraro, you do not agree with the rule that a candidate must report the income or property of his or her spouse if you benefit from it. 
Ann Compton for Governor Dukakis. 
Then, in the mid-1980s, he ran on the basis of the reduction of most of our major defence programs. 
Crime violent. 
This is not specific in terms of programme. 
In other words, you tell a young person, it will be in your financial interest to start saving for the future disease, but for the people who work want to have health care that can't afford it, some of the things we need to do. 
Electors will know that I will put competent judges on the bench. 
IFILL: New question for you, Senator Edwards, but I don't want to drop the global test question first, because... EDWARDS: Of course. 
They are condemned to a lifetime of failure. 
That's what a president is supposed to know -- where these weapons will be. 
I therefore believe that the policies that I recommend are part of the overall strengthening of the United States. 
Vital regions for the United States 
I want people to hear what he just said. 
I would never tolerate her as President of the United States, and I hope that Senator Kennedy will change his mind if he is elected. 
And now we see beheadings. 
They're all from the St. Louis area and told Gallup they didn't hire a candidate. 
This from Wall Street and I=ll create $1 trillion more in economic growth than its proposal does, not just on the climate on the economy. 
I don't know anything about Russia. 
That's why the suburbs are in trouble. 
When I was so far ahead, it was immediately after the Democratic Convention, and before the Republican Convention. 
Don't forget the first two or three months. 
My question is: Assuming you agree that our eligibility programs are on an unsustainable path, what specific reforms are you proposing? 
But he also voted in favour of an amendment - which was fortunately lost - that would have drawn a line and excluded those islands and denied the President the right to defend those islands if he thought it was an attack on Formosa. 
BRUNO: Go ahead, senator, quickly. 
But in the meantime, the questions...PENCE: Well, senator, I had to hit a... [crosstalk]...I had to hit a nerve here. 
The Bureau of Labour Statistics said today that they had made a mistake. 
And I put ours together in something called the Agenda for American Renewal, and it makes sense, it makes sense, it creates jobs, it comes to the basis of the kind of jobs we need. 
That's not how we should judge these candidates. 
We need to look at our files. 
So these are the differences. 
It's all over the world. 
One of New York's main responsibilities is to finance well-being. 
Otherwise, if we find that the heads of State meet and do not progress, we will find that the cause of peace has been injured rather than aided. 
Yet, by all international measures, in math and science, from kindergarten to grade 12, we follow most of the countries of the world. 
I mean, it seemed to me at the time that the ban on assault weapons was not effective. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator Dole, if you could distinguish something you would like voters to have in mind about President Clinton on a political or personal issue, what would that be? 
You yourself said in the 1970s that we had a "hemorrhage at our borders." 
But she fights hard, and she doesn't give up, and she doesn't give up. 
But if I can bring you back to my point, it was the question of when human life begins -- a two-part follow-up. 
It's for you. 
All right. 
We have the best, the lowest number of carbon emissions, which is a great standard that I have noticed Obama goes with all the time. 
Too many unresolved problems remain. 
But I think math, common sense and our history show us that this is not a recipe for job growth. 
And that's what we did and the respect of steel tariffs and a series of other things when we were president and vice president. 
When I talked about car manufacturers, they're obviously getting hammered right now. 
President Clinton has done the same, because we have an obligation to protect you. 
There will be no more debates. 
Inflation ! 
We believe that it is appropriate to return to the Americans so that they can make choices for themselves as to how this money should be spent, whether for education, retirement or payment of their bills. 
And they can look at my background when it comes to Iranian sanctions, when it comes to combating terrorism, when it comes to supporting democracy, when it comes to supporting women's rights, when it comes to supporting religious minorities. 
Test scores are on the rise. 
Please. 
I'm from Texas. 
Secretary Clinton, thank you. 
I think we both agree to put aside the surpluses of social security and health insurance, there is a dollar. 
And I would like to be away from the workers and have to import them, like some of our international competitors. 
China has perfected the art of theft. 
Someone was wrong. 
And we cut them 18 times. 
All the parents I know would get health insurance for their children if they could. 
There's a question about their morality. 
You'll live in a world, I hope, that's more educated, so it's less likely that you'll get hurt in your neighborhood. 
What do you see in him that others don't see him? 
Well, that's a perfect example. 
The central question in this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we will build together. 
Saddam Hussein is now in a prison cell. 
We probably don't agree a little about the numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but maybe we're going to talk about this r. t we have to prevent our jobs from being stolen from us. 
The first thing I would do is, during the political campaigns, I would urge everyone to stop trying to divide this country into fragments and appeal to the differences between us and then wonder why the crucible is all broken after November 3. 
Deputy Ferraro, your opponent served in the House of Representatives, he was Ambassador to the United Nations, Ambassador to China, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and now he has been Vice-President for four years. 
And what I proposed is something much better. 
When I was vice president, we inherited a recession. 
The real problem with the FBI and, in fact, all intelligence agencies are not real laws that govern them. 
My case on world affairs is pretty well known because I've been president for four years, so I feel like I'm talking about issues. 
That I was Chief of Staff of the White House and led the White House under the presidency of Ford. 
I said that no one who earns less than $250,000 a year — and that is the vast majority of Americans as you know it — will have increased their taxes, because I think we have to go where the money is. 
Crack on China, if and when they cheat. 
And the fact that you make an investment in higher education is crucial. 
Senator? 
If you come in, there's not enough tax revenue. 
And in this situation, what is happening is that the protections you have, the protections of the consumers you need, you are not going to have at your disposal. 
Bring the students here; let them see what kind of country we have. 
But I think what we want to avoid is to return to the nationalized health care system that President Clinton wanted to give us in 1993. 
It's a huge difference. 
-- in public life. 
All these things are designed to ensure that the American people, their genius, their grain, their determination, is channeled and -- and they have the opportunity to succeed. 
Vice-President, over the past three years, there has been an exodus of more than $4 billion from the United States, apparently for two reasons: because exports have fallen and have not covered imports, and because of the increase in U.S. investment abroad. 
But all this for me begins by cherishing the dignity, the value, the value of all human life. 
And the cost of unemployment compensation, social assistance and income losses has increased by $23 billion over the past two years. 
And I think it would be a mistake. 
And we can't allow it anymore. 
President Trump and I believe that the progress we have made in a cleaner environment has happened precisely because we have a strong market economy. 
Because when there are elections, people tend to vote for peace. 
And you know, after that, we spent a lot of time with them. 
TRUMP: I'll tell you very — well, just very simple to say. 
HOLT: In 2002... TRUMP: It's an absurdity of the mainstream media that she broadcast, because she_franks, I think the best person in her campaign is the mainstream media. 
It was very, very difficult to allow executions to move forward, but in circumstances where I did not have the impression that there was a case of leniency, I told the voters in Virginia that I would respect the law, and I d.t. was a real struggle. 
And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. 
Patriotic says the government, you know, you're not always the solution. 
Not once this evening, for 90 minutes, Al Gore told us why Bill Clinton is qualified to be president. 
We don't want our children back here. 
Look, the point is, you have to look at what he's talking about. 
I don't want to go back to the index of malaise and misery. 
So when Governor Romney says he wants to cut taxes and potentially benefit people like me and him, and to pay for that, we have to undertake significant cuts in federal support for education, that makes a difference. 
And we are going to move forward by putting the government on the side of the people and ensuring that our country passes first, by setting aside obsessive partisanship. 
And I expect to win. 
And as far as these harsh words are concerned, I do not take them personally. 
We started the process. 
Now, the reason I think it's important to get these facts simply because Senator McCain's constant allegation is that my associations are somewhat troubling. 
We will also make sure to tell the world the truth. 
But you know that if you won, you would approve of that, and it will be almost as bad as NAFTA. 
SHAW: Your question, Your Honour. 
The fact is that the most significant and significant change in health care in recent years has been the Medicare Reform Bill this year. 
We will enforce the trade agreements we have, and we will hold people accountable. 
I think ten and a half years ago, my wife Janna and I went to Mercy Hospital in Janesville, where I was born, for our seven-week ultrasounds for our first-born, and we saw that heartbeat. 
I led for Earl Wallop Bill or once Dingell-Johnson. 
We're tired. 
As far as Darfur is concerned, I agree that it is genocide. 
And drilling at sea is also very important and it's a bridge. 
I believe that the United States Presidency is a very serious office, and I think we need to address these issues very seriously. 
I would like to address my remarks to the young people of America, because they are the ones who will spend most of their lives in the 21st century. 
I think we should do plastic surgery on a lot of these guys so they're all ears, too, and listen to you. 
We're gonna fix this. 
And if you open the airways to other things like that, you see that it's not just you who participate here. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, do you have an answer? 
If so, is this something you are trying to implement if you are elected to power and what would you do to implement this plan? 
First, give us independent energy, independent North American energy. 
It was a big mistake. 
I will join the Paris Agreement because with us, look what's going on. 
We have cut taxes, added 1.7 million new jobs over the past year, and we will continue to provide opportunities for businesses and workers. 
I love my grandchildren -- HEARING_QUESTION: How? 
Let's talk about health insurance and rights. 
When I look at the news, all I see is that the citizens fight against the citizens. 
When I campaigned in 1976, wherever I went, mayors and local officials were desperate by the rapid deterioration of our nation's central cities. 
I was in the Senate before I became Secretary of State. 
We must also have a tax system that rewards work and not just financial transactions. 
When you have a report, as we have done recently, that six of the ten CONUS divisions in this country - the continental divisions of the United States army - simply could not pass a preparation test: that two out of three divisions that were to be assigned to the so-called Rapid Deployment Force could not satisfy a preparation test. 
But let's look at the overall balance sheet. 
We can work with the entertainment industry to provide family time. 
I hope it's clear. 
You see, if you reform these programs for my generation, people 54 and under, you can guarantee that they don't change for retired people or near retirement, which is exactly what Mitt Romney and I are proposing. 
We'd all like to lower taxes on everyone. 
STOCKDALE: Well, I'm running out of ammunition on this -- GORE: Well, let me talk then because I have some things I mean. 
Thirdly, in Bosnia, it is a virtual miracle that there has been no return to war and at least there have been elections. 
There has been something like thirteen countries since we arrived on the democratic path, and let me say that Grenada is not unrelated. 
It's her two minutes, please. 
Hello, Linda. 
But I know, as you think, that our country is the strongest when we lead the world, when we lead strong alliances. 
We see the world in different ways. 
But it's not good enough. 
NOVINS: Mr. Vice-President, your campaign highlights the value of your eight-year experience, and the question arises as to whether this experience was as an observer or as a participant or as an initiator of policy development. 
There is also a question of openness and coherence. 
Look at our general surgeon, Dr. Novello. 
These voters will ask candidates questions about a subject of their choice -- everything they want to know. 
I think that a lot of times we just get help and say that we feel better about it and it ends up being spent in the wrong way, and there are some pretty obvious examples recently. 
You didn't just accept the research, Mr. President. 
I also recommended that we stop the sale by Germany and France of processing plants for Pakistan and Brazil. 
It's 27 days before the decision on who will be the next president of the United States. 
Are you and Joe Biden gonna pack your bags if Judge Amy Coney Barrett is confirmed? 
What you're doing is that you're going to vote. 
You don't know the law, Joe. 
That's not true. 
Let's put health records online, which will reduce medical errors, as they call them. 
The fact is that it will create millions of well-paid jobs. 
We'll fight terrorists all over the world so we don't have to face them here at home. 
In only 34 days, America will elect new leaders for our country. 
Millions of Americans have seen the results of this conflict. 
But I think my ideas are better for the future. 
That's why Zarqawi and his people are trying to fight us. 
And we guess. 
But to help us get back on track for a balanced budget, we also want to get rid of some bureaucratic spending in Washington. 
Why do we have to do this? 
Don't bend. 
I hope not. 
And many prominent conservatives have testified that even corporate tax cuts, as you proposed, can be inflationary as long as we have a budget deficit. 
I'm bringing people back to work with 12 million new jobs. 
Go ahead, sir. 
But this deal we're making with LAC and US Air and KLM and Northwest, guess who's on the president's campaign great time: a guy from the northwest. 
All right. 
McGee has the next question for Senator Kennedy. 
It has doubled in the last eight years. 
Because after eight years of political failure, he and I both agree that what we're going to have to do is review priorities, make sure we invest in the American people, give tax cuts not to the richest societies, but give them to small businesses and give them to the people who are struggling right now, make sure that we finally get serious about energy independence, something that has been languishing in Washington for 30 years, and make sure that our children get a good education and can afford to go to university. 
It's a joke. 
The President's record is quite different. 
We have done this by expanding what is known as the no-fly zone by increasing the control of our allies over the airspace now from the Kuwaiti border to the outskirts of Baghdad. 
It should be a state option. 
I want us to invest in your future. 
He said, "You have to do it" -- you know, he was asked about preventive action at the last debate -- he said, "You have to do it in a way that passes the test, that passes the global test where your compatriots, your people fully understand why you do what you do and can prove to the world that you did it for legitimate reasons." 
What I want to find, if I have the privilege of having the opportunity to do so - and the Supreme Court of the United States is at stake in this race, ladies and gentlemen. 
Employers under the age of 50 are exempt. 
I was in Dayton, Ohio, and a woman took my arm and she said, "I've been unemployed since May. Can you help me?" 
The forgiveness of the debt is false. 
But Iran is a country of 37 million people who resist a government they consider to be dictatorial. 
And I think it weighs to some extent. 
I didn't say anything about it. 
I want to make sure the education system realizes its hope and promise. 
A capital gains differential will increase employment, risk-taking and revenues for the federal government. 
It's strength, it's values. 
CARTER: To repeat, this year we have the opportunity, which we are going to achieve, to produce 800 million tons of coal - an unprecedented record in the history of our country. 
President Ford, do you have an answer? 
If we could get an agreement on that, maybe they could spend it in the last days of this Congress. 
Mr. Nixon and Mr. Kissinger told us that instead of morals, we had to worry in the world about living and letting live all kinds of governments that we really don't like. 
But it was the minority. 
Mr. BRUNO (spoke in French): Let us continue, Mr. Vice-President. 
One of his activists claimed that Prime Minister Allawi was like a puppet. 
They were military. 
And I'm glad the administration follows the law. 
We've given them enough time. 
Some of Senator Dole's supporters expressed disappointment at his reluctance in Hartford on Sunday night to draw personal and ethical differences between him and President Clinton. 
And we started, really before February, it was difficult to develop a vaccine and develop drugs and therapies that saved lives along the way. 
Let me tell you my position. 
BROKAW: Senator Obama, it's time to talk. 
I want to make sure we have the best education system in the world. 
Of course, you can do that with Congress. 
Mr. Kemp? 
You have just heard the President say that young people should be able to withdraw money from social security and put it in their own accounts. 
If you go with what Hillary says, in the ninth month, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the mother's uterus just before the baby's birth. 
Their idea was to impose higher costs on everyone in their budget that I vetoed. 
How - you disagree on some of your principles, you disagree on drilling in Alaska, the national wildlife sanctuary, you disagree on the monitoring law, at least you have in the past. 
Same question to you, Vice President Biden. 
But we were finally able to implement this and we saved more than a quarter of a billion dollars this year, almost enough to buy a 716 squadron. 
And the importance of prestige, really, is because we are so identified with the cause of freedom. 
I had to bring together the president's advisers. 
It would not have stopped if we had not been willing not to even start, the Soviets leaving, had we not even been ready to support the freedom fighters there. 
REAGAN: Yes, I would like to add my thanks to the ladies of the League of Women Voters for making these debates possible. 
More than 40,000 Americans are in the hospital tonight with VOCID, including record numbers here in Tennessee. 
There is a commitment and there will always be a commitment to the safety of our workers, men and women. 
Not all of this, you voted like this, you voted like this, we want a better America in the next century. 
It's a tough question. 
We -- we had to go to Pakistan. 
If we are not an economic superpower, we are accustomed to being, and we will no longer be a force for good all over the world. 
So, if the plans are huge and complex like health care, I urge you to implement pilot programs. 
And he's going to take the discipline of executive power; he's going to take the discipline of Congressional power. 
We use the army more now in terms of prohibition. 
Let us take Russia, for example. 
And the only difference between me and any other businessman who has the range of companies I have is that I haven't had so many lawsuits. 
This is the kind of campaign reform that interests me, and I hope the honourable senator will join me. 
And let me tell you that there was a story in one of the newspapers that paid... 
The order for the whole evening was determined by bills of change. 
KEMP: Jim, a $550 billion tax cut, that's something Al doesn't want to mention, must be seen in the context of a $50 billion production of goods and services from the U.S. economy over the next six years. 
Yet, at the same time, the government pays, uh - I think it's $17 billion, maybe $20 billion a year in unemployment benefits from high unemployment. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, to make sure everyone knows what's going on here, when you responded directly to Mr. Perot, you broke the rule, your rules. 
First of all, I would like to point out that our army is the strongest combat force, the best trained, the best equipped, the best directed in the world and in world history. 
We are low spending, low tax burdens. 
If we don't have it, we won't have a country. 
When Governor Romney talked about it, he said, "We have to keep these sanctions." 
CMCain: Again, while you were on the board of directors of the Woods Foundation, you and Mr.Ayers, together, sent $230,000 to ACORN. 
If you don't grow the economy, you can't do it. 
And the vice president talked about doing research, making sure we have the drugs available, making sure we're doing everything we can to get the prevention. 
He's not a leader. 
Do people want to be identified with us? 
This guy has a dog whistle as big as a fog horn. 
They passed the budget. 
And I think it's gonna work. 
Well, I'll tell you. 
KAINE: Six times tonight, I told Governor Pence that I can't imagine how you can defend your racemate position on a question after the next one. 
And you look at what he did. 
KEMP: You only get a tax cut in the Clinton administration if you do exactly what Al Gore and Bill Clinton want you to do. 
Mr President, we are following the path, I promise you. 
The candidate is entitled to two minutes to respond. 
I teach history and political science at San Diego Mesa College so far. 
I want to make sure that seniors have the promise made will be kept, but I want young workers to be able to manage some of their own money, some of their own private sector payroll taxes according to some guidelines to get a better rate of return on your own money. 
We don't want it. 
CLINTON: I think the goal of politics is to give people the tools they need to make the most of their lives; to strengthen the values of opportunity and responsibility; and to build a sense of community so that we all work together. 
The federal government should not take more than one third of anyone's cheque. 
Secretary Clinton, last week, you said that we had to do everything possible to improve the police services, to move forward with implicit bias. 
But they see a compassionate, strong and tall first lady at Laura Bush. 
And my question is, do you think that America has grown enough and educated enough to completely eliminate positive action? 
And then came another program, then came health care, and then came the tax increase and many of these things stopped in 1994 because then Congress changed, and I think we did a good job. 
Now, if you take such an unbalanced approach, then that means you're going to ruin our investments in schools and education. 
We must be clear that we are for human freedom. 
He gets a higher rank for his charity than the American Red Cross does. 
I have a small foundation for disabled people called the Dole Foundation. 
They're breaking the system. 
I'd like it to expand in two ways. 
I think if you look at my career, you'll see that I'm at the level of people; that I approach problems analytically; that I'm able to assess the different facts in relation to a problem; and that I can make difficult decisions. 
I am in favour of allowing States to buy new handguns. 
The only exception in the room is right now, because I have the privilege of introducing the candidates, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois and Senator John McCain of Arizona. 
And I want to bring all this experience to the White House and do it every day. 
Who do you have in mind to appoint to this very important position? 
The committee of debate will then turn on its microphone only, and the committee will turn it off exactly after the two minutes have expired. 
Let me tell you about one of the short-term solutions. 
Are we competitors, opponents, enemies? 
Oh, my God, yes. 
I told the American people that it was a real problem, that it could destroy long-term economic growth, and I told you what I think should be done. 
Because that's exactly what the intelligence community told us. 
And that is the budget we have proposed. 
And we have a very good fight. 
I have to answer that. 
Many of us are. 
In fact, it was a town hall, and I said I'd cut taxes for middle-class families, and that's what I did, $3.0. 0. 
I don't see how you can lead the troops if you say it's the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
Your definition of national force is to throw money into the Department of Defense. 
Putting U.S. planes in airspace? 
Likewise, believe in the voluntary army. 
We must therefore work better, once again, with communities, religious communities, the business community, as well as with the police to try to solve this problem. 
They have all their strengths and they all have their weaknesses. 
One of the good things we've had in Texas is that we have a strong responsibility because you can't heal unless you know it. 
And, by the way, if a state is in trouble, well, we can intervene and see if we can find a way to help them. 
They're gonna deliver... 
Because there was no one harder for Russia. 
First, the Department of Energy stated that the tax relief for oil companies is $2.8 billion per year. 
And because Hillary Clinton did not renegotiate a status-of-forces agreement that would have allowed some American combat troops to stay in Iraq and secure the hard-won gains that the American soldier had won in 2009, ISIS could literally get conjured out of the desert, and it invaded vast areas that the American soldier had won in the Iraqi operation m. heart broken there for the likes of Lance Cpl. 
I want clean air. 
But I'm going to go there and find men and women to interpret. 
As I said the other night, I hope many of them lose because they are Liberal Democrats -- (laughs) -- and we don't need any more in the Senate or in the House. 
I'm going to ask Congress for $2 billion to make sure we have the cleanest coal technologies in the world. 
What Western allies have decided to do is to stop all air flights - commercial flights - to any nation involved in terrorism or the hijacking of air planes, or the wearing of hijackers. 
Mr. WELKER: Okay, former Vice-President Biden, for you, how would you get the country out of this crisis? 
MCCAIN: The next president of the United States will not have to look into whether or not we went to Iraq. 
They want the equal rights amendment to be ratified. 
He gave a speech. 
What I'm not for us is to ignore the other half of the equation. 
Non, je... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: (CROSSTALK) Je suis désolé que ce soit un... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Vous... vous... ROMNEY: ... c'est un -- J'ai indiqué... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ... discours majeur. 
Almost all the economic analyses I have heard of, including the distinguished Congressional Budget Office, which is respected by, I think, almost everyone, says that even with historically high levels of economic growth, we will suffer a deficit of $263 billion. 
If less money comes, you'll end up making cuts. 
He works for a car dealership and is concerned about the high deficits and interest rates that will affect his work. 
Do you agree with Secretary Chu that this is not the work of the Energy Department? 
I prefer to take the record total percentage of the last twenty years of the Democrats and the eight years of the Republicans to show a global period of growth. 
He does not want to acknowledge that we have stopped Iran's nuclear weapons programme. 
Oregon's plan is a good start if the federal government continues to give up its responsibilities. 
I think there's enough -- we're even looking at our tax reduction proposal, our economic package. 
But I'm going to leave the city if I don't... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: And I just described -- I just described to you, Mr.President -- I just described to you exactly how I would do it, which is with one number that people can put -- and they can say they are -- these are deductions and credits... (CROSSTALK) CROWLEY: Mr.President, we're following the path, I promise you. 
On each of these issues, I have more experience than the Governor of Massachusetts. 
Here's what I'm going to do: Number one, borders are running more today than before September 11. 
So you can't blame practitioners for the health problem. 
And if we had a house act, and told people, for $1 we're selling you this house. 
He also made a reference that troubled me a lot, Mr. Boyd. 
There are limits to this nation's ability to finance these weapons systems. 
You didn't even have any tax cuts in your budget, Mr. President, the first two years you were president. 
I'll give you this. 
I also think it is regrettable that we are in a position where we do not really know what could happen in Iraq. 
Excuse me, no, I have to answer that. 
But many of these children go out without parents, they go through cartels, coyotes and gangs. 
Go check it out. 
Vice President Gore, the next question is for you, and it will be asked by Steven Koosmann. 
This question of leadership continues to arise in different forms in this discussion. 
The United States has big problems. 
We can, and we'll get it under 6 percent. 
And after having secured the border, not only build a wall, but under the ground and in the air, we do t. t. he said that the emphasis should be on criminal aliens. 
Where did we get if joining a gang is like being a family member? 
And the protection of an arrested person from unjustified persecution by trying to get a false confession. 
We don't have to settle for four-dollar gas. 
My light's still on. 
They'll be all right, whether you're president or me. 
Von Fremd for Vice President Nixon. 
Now, I believe our problem has not been that anyone in our country is undertaxed; it is that the government is overnourished. 
We're down to 1 percent. 
But the key we're going to have to pursue is a -- it's a way to get the Muslim world to be able to reject extremism by itself. 
Mr. Anderson, you and Mr. Reagan are both talking about a better defense. 
QUESTION: What new ways do you intend to correct inequalities in the workplace, especially for women who earn only 72% of what their male counterparts earn? 
There is no way to anticipate what can happen. 
I want -- I want him and all our troops to go home as soon as possible and safely. 
And I believe that in the cases of India, Africa and Latin America, that is where we should focus. 
Vice President Biden, would you like to answer? 
He didn't. 
Actually, it was a Republican idea. 
Thank you, Lester, and thank Hofstra for welcoming us. 
I'm so proud of the state that I've had the chance to be governor of. 
BOYD: Since this famous press conference on 21 August on your family's finances, you have filed a new report with the ethics committee, which has shown that your previous reports are full of errors and omissions. 
And the last thing I'll say is that...PENCE: Senator, do you take all the deductions you're entitled to? 
I'd say we've been attacked before. 
The lesson was that in the aftermath of World War I, we kind of turned our backs and left them on their own devices and they brewed a lot of problems that quickly became World War II. 
So we have John McCain to thank for at least warning people. 
Reform, prosperity and peace are major challenges for the United States of America. 
McGee has a question for Vice President Nixon. 
So why should voters trust you with an immigration review now? 
This is not the kind of small business promotion we need. 
PENCE: The slanders against President Donald Trump about the men and women of our armed forces are absurd. 
He volunteered for service in Vietnam from the beginning. 
WELKER: Vice-President Biden — 
But you have not been consistent, and there is no indication that John Kerry is convinced to carry out the war against terror. 
I don't like it because I want to make a lot of oilmen rich, but because I want to make America rich. 
That's what we got up there. 
But science, there's a lot -- there's different opinions. 
Interest rates on our departure were 21%. 
We save money to invest in education. 
And it's... it's... it's an unfortunate part. 
We address North Korea on a similar basis, working with Chinese, South Koreans, Japanese and others to try to bring them. 
The Republicans wanted a majority vote to confirm that a judge and the Democrats were blocking in an unprecedented manner. 
In the seven years leading up to the administration's entry into power in Washington, we found that six hundred million people were behind the Iron Curtain. 
How would you define the difference? 
In fact, it should cut government spending by at least $130 billion to balance the budget under this ridiculous proposal. 
It was a huge victory for American auto workers. 
As President of the United States, people will be held accountable in my administration. 
President Bush apologized for raising taxes. 
As they did at their first meeting, the two men will make introductory statements of approximately eight minutes each and closing statements of three to five minutes each. 
We believe that you can revise the federal penal code, which has not been revised for many years. 
Alliances are the reason Donald Trump says he wants it — that NATO is obsolete and that we need to get rid of NATO is so dangerous. 
The President denied 9. 2 million women $3,800 a year, but he doesn't hesitate to fight for $136,000 to a millionaire. 
They see this administration try to reduce sanctions in Congress for more than two years. 
And we can't do that. 
First of all, we didn't find out he didn't have any weapons until he got there, and my opponent thought he had weapons and told everyone he thought he had weapons. 
But that's the good news. 
So I proposed four specific things that I think can help. 
We must reach out to the moderate Arab nations and build coalitions to maintain peace. 
COOPER: Mr Trump, your time... TRUMP: It's a disastrous plan, and it has to be repealed and replaced. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Can we focus on issues rather than personalities and mud? 
And I believe that if we have a choice, what scientists tell us, to cure Parkinson's, to cure diabetes, to cure, you know, some kind of, you know, paraplegic or quadriplegic, or, you know, a spinal cord lesion, whatever it is, it's the nature of the human mind. 
As far as business investment is concerned, it is higher than it has been since 1949. 
Senator Dole remembers that we actually proposed not even introducing a health care bill in 1994, uh '93, but rather working with the Republicans of the Senate and writing a joint bill. 
Above all, I would like to thank all those who have touched me in one way or another over the past year, all the thousands of you I have seen. 
Is it worth more American lives? 
That is why we have doubled the production of clean energy, such as wind and solar energy and biofuels. 
This strategy has been successful. 
The first president in 72 years to lose his job. 
And we find bad teachers another line of work. 
And I'm going to tell you something else that qualifies you to be president -- and that's it, Hal -- you have to defend what you believe in. 
And he even opposed President Carter when, towards the end of his term, President Carter wanted to increase the defence budget. 
What about the Dingle-Norwood bill? 
Mr President, I would like to raise an issue which, in my opinion, has been hiding there for two or three weeks and presenting it specifically in terms of national security. 
I look forward to discussing this with him as time passes. 
We have made it clear on Thursday night that we will do so, and we will do so aggressively. 
Mr. Allen, right here. 
You play by them or you will pay the price not to play by them, economically. 
But after a decade of war, I think we all recognize the need to build a nation here, rebuild our roads, bridges and, above all, take care of our veterans who have sacrificed so much for our freedom. 
And I will keep that promise. 
And I'm not going to do anything else that he had to do: he raised $29 million from his state pension fund, which is equivalent to the federal level to draw on the social security trust fund. 
Its social security programme would require that all those who have social security take the government's health insurance, whether they want it or not. 
And this will be particularly important in dealing not only with situations such as those currently occurring in Israel, but also with Saddam Hussein. 
It is part of my conscience and commitment to continue this progress. 
He used a gun that was recorded to fire a shot, which injured an officer. 
In the past, we did not have an adequate military presence in this area. 
It's an escalation of weapons. 
Mr.Vice-President, our last -- I'm sorry, you have 30 seconds, Senator Edwards. 
What we need is action. 
QUESTION: How can we trust either of you with our money when both sides got -- brought us into this global economic crisis? 
It's not about charity for the homeless. 
It is clear that small businesses want to offer health insurance to their employees. 
Do you consider abortion a murder or a sin? 
And there has been no concerted effort to meet the needs of those who are both poor and black, or poor, and who speak a foreign language. 
I think the way to develop this economy is to keep taxes low, to have an energy plan, to have a dispute reform. 
I have a plan for that. 
WALLACE: I want... TRUMP: So let me tell you very quickly, we are entitled because of the laws that people like it have adopted to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges, and we do so. 
Bill Clinton tried the approach I'm talking about. 
And we have to stay with him. 
Look at the budget. 
Under the proposed Medicare Prescription Drug I'm doing, here's how it works, you're going to see your own doctor. 
The result was that the Guatemalan people themselves eventually got up and threw him out. 
I spoke to the American ambassador. 
I want to grow and prosper small businesses. 
I sit on the Senate Intelligence Committee, where I have regularly received classified information on threats to our nation and hotspots around the world. 
And guess what happened? 
KAINE: Other nations should acquire nuclear weapons. 
I want you to be able to choose health care for you and your family. 
CLINTON: This is the most religious country, the largest in history. 
I went down, on instructions from the President, to speak to the commanders of El Salvador and tell them that they had to move with Mr Magana, then President of El Salvador, to respect human rights. 
There's too much bitterness in Washington. 
Secretary Bill Perry negotiated it under Clinton's presidency. 
Here we go again with Russia. 
And one of the things he did was let the cowardly cyberattacks hack government files, hack personal files, hack the National Democratic Committee. 
(Applause) WOODRUFF: Over the next 90 minutes, we will interview candidates in a format designed and accepted by the representatives of the two campaigns. 
He's got the ability to lock himself up. 
We didn't think it was fair. 
I think it will be extremely important for us to recruit a generation of new teachers, an army of new teachers, especially in mathematics and science, to give them a higher salary, to give them more professional development and support in exchange for higher standards and responsibility. 
And that is why I have always said that, if we can work more effectively with other countries diplomatically to strengthen sanctions against Iran, if we can reduce our energy consumption through alternative energy sources, so that Iran has less money, if we can impose the types of sanctions that, for example, Iran currently imports gasoline, even if it is an oil producer, because its oil infrastructure has deteriorated, if we can prevent them from importing the gasoline they need and refined petroleum products, which are beginning to change their cost-benefit analysis. 
We donâ€TMt have to choose, and we should not be able to choose and say that you get to live for free and you donâ€TMt. 
It is a nation that is not like -- like others and has no civilian leadership that calls for shooting there. 
And that's about all I can say in a minute. 
And I think that would be prohibitive. 
Let us bring climate change to the Senate for the first time. 
When President Bush took office, we had a budgetary surplus and the national debt was just over $5 trillion. 
It's Mr. Ayers. 
(Laughter) Abortion rights have been a serious controversy in this country for almost 20 years. 
But they weren't in the crime bill. 
I want to continue working after the ratification of this NAFTA agreement in the coming year. 
My friend and the governor say it's based on conditions, which means it depends. 
We're going to move on... TRUMP: You know what's funny? 
I don't believe it, and I talked to Breonna's mother, Tamika Palmer, and her family, and her family deserve justice. 
Five cents a day - that's what the food package represents on average per person. 
The next question is to Governor Clinton. 
It removes everything from its context, but the fact is that we need to move towards zero net emissions. 
Mr President, I would like to know whether you want to explain your plans - substantially - to solve the problems of the health system in our country. 
I think, to a certain extent, yes. 
I can't. 
Margaret Warner for Governor Dukakis. 
It is fought mainly in Asia, Africa and Latin America. 
I voted against; Senator Obama voted in his favour. 
This makes it almost impossible for us to have a good health program. 
What I also said is that if we're going to look for people who are here illegally, we should do it intelligently and go after people who are criminals, gangs, people who hurt the community, not after students, not after people who are here just because they're trying to figure out how to feed their families. 
Mr REAGAN: I have said on several occasions exactly what I believe of the Soviet Union. 
That's it? 
It was the right thing to do. 
But the point is, that's it, guys. 
Go outside. 
The pay at home of a worker in this country is actually lower than in 1968 - measured in real dollars. 
Now, it is true that we do not agree on this point. 
Where did you get this? 
Because we're getting closer, I still want to bring in a lot of people. 
And that is why we maintain a deterrent capacity and try to achieve a deterrent capacity where no one would believe that they could start such a war and escape with limited damage. 
Get a variety of choices to make in their lives. 
That's -- I'm not sure 80% of people get the death tax. 
And then we should start everywhere n.t. now, we're 90 percent of medicare. 
There are even fewer people in uniform today, but nobody to anyone, nobody to anyone, unity to unity, it is the most powerful and effective army, not only in today's world, but in the history of the world. 
The governor talked about Medicare. 
I sold — while he was selling pillows and sheets — I sold busters to Ukraine. 
We have seen a substantial increase in new housing permits. 
So we are stagnating. 
Let me make another suggestion, because you're a teacher, you can have an impact on that. 
No, I say that our main need now is to stabilize the tax base, which is the basis for employment, and to create a dynamic and growing basis. 
And my first organization was only four or five people, plus my wife and children, my three sons and their wives. 
Senator Gore. 
You know, the name itself implies a certain sense of dependence on these people. 
I'm not here to yell at her lies. 
And that's a problem. 
It is not credible to say that it will cut taxes and balance budgets. 
We have a concept called New American School Corporation where we do exactly that. 
Communists don't do it. 
The American people want to protect this environment. 
We are about to have an agreement on the status of forces in Iraq. 
It was totally discredited. 
And it's a fundamental problem with Bill Clinton, it's trust and character. 
That's noble. 
PENCE: I really have to answer that. 
What we know is that the President and Vice-President did not do the work necessary to build the coalition we need -- radically different from the first Gulf War. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: Mr Bush, I am not questioning your patriotism. 
And that's why we do what we do. 
I think you did so well there, I want to keep you there. 
U.S. citizens understand that. 
These laws are not enforced, they have not been enforced, and public health, air and water pay the price. 
They have the right to go to churches now and political meetings without any evidence of any potential criminal activity or other. 
What we did in a democratic legislature of 87 percent, we worked together; 200 legislators in my legislature, only two voted against the plan at the time we were finished. 
John McCain voted against a comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty that all Republicans supported. 
Whether it's Iran-contra, Iraq-gate or you name it, it's a regular current. 
I'm very concerned about that. 
I've touched the lives of more people and seen more grief and hope, more pain and more promises than anyone else who comes to the presidency this year. 
Secondly, relations between Russia and China. 
He founded the author, the Vocational Training Partnership Act. 
It's a continuation of, "Well, there's a strong connection between Al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein." 
I think the woman who works with me, Rose Zamaria, is about as hard as a boot there and does some discipline and protects the taxpayer. 
I'm not retracting anything I said. 
I think God wants everyone to be free. 
No, but he's to weaken him. 
It will increase by 39 per cent, and social security will increase by 34 per cent. 
One of the main reasons for this apathetic electorate seems to be the low level at which this campaign was conducted. 
The last point I'm going to make about small businesses. 
President Trump, you've met North Korean leader Kim Jong One three times. 
What he suggests, we're going to reduce the benefits or we're going to have to raise the retirement age. 
The repression of the Soviet Jews is absolutely intolerable and we must therefore continue to move forward for moral reasons as well as on the ground of arms reduction. 
Once and for all, I want to do something about health insurance. 
I tried to find common ground, because that's what makes us strong as Americans. 
99% of people are recovering. 
Any other countries? 
Oh, yes. 
We must also look to the future. 
Did he apologize for saying that President Obama was not even a citizen of the United States? 
Joint leaders urged the President not to put our troops in this barracks because they were indefensible. 
I did it with my first statement. 
Talks on strategic arms reduction were good proposals, and it was the Soviets who left the table. 
We won't know. 
I think this is a very important moment for our country. 
Such reductions will not allow the United States to be strong enough to deter aggression and maintain peace. 
We will continue to try to get things that we have not achieved in a program that has already reduced the government's spending rate from 17 per cent to 6.1 per cent, a return and autonomy authority program to local and state governments that has been unfairly seized by the federal government. 
No, Hal, the choice is not the environment and jobs. 
Mr. WALLACE: Sir, I'm asking you a specific question, namely: 
I'll never send troops on a mission like this without telling them that if someone shoots them, they can shoot back. 
Let us look at the vote on the Congo, the vote was seventy for nothing against the Soviet Union. 
For four years, that's what I've been working on. 
The average income in some of these countries is $25 per year. 
I think we should also keep an eye on Saddam Hussein because he takes advantage of this situation to make threats again, and he must understand that he is not just dealing with Israel, he is dealing with us if he makes the kind of threats he's talking about there. 
Finally, our government adopts laws and freezes the plan in a concrete way. 
Here in St. Louis, you fired 350 teachers. 
It was supposed to go bankrupt in 1999 and that figure of 50 million again, the newspapers -- I said -- you said to forget the journalists, but they are the guards of the scorecard and whether or not you are using facts that are not fair. 
It is about getting 12 million jobs, raising wages at home, getting people out of poverty in the middle class. 
They are members of NATO. 
There are big differences. 
And I would like to express my gratitude to the Women's Voting League for having adopted a course with which I believe that the vast majority of Americans agree. 
She worked with the Russians to reduce their chemical weapons stockpiles. 
Today, our relations with Pakistan are crucial, because border areas are being used as refuges by the Taliban, Al-Qaida and other extremist organizations, and we need their support. 
But we have a lot of high school graduates who can't read a leader, who can't fill out a job application. 
We had a legitimate difference, and I absolutely understand the difference between tactics and strategy. 
Do you seriously believe that we should pursue the same policies that have created the worst economy since the Great Depression? 
He took three steps, twice we sent the welfare reform to the president and he vetoed it. 
I voted for some of them. 
I don't have free reserved parking at Natl Airport, why my servants? 
Merci beaucoup. 
I think your helpers said that those who earn about 25,000 to 35,000, their tax rate would increase -- their tax bill would increase by $100, and from $35,000 to $45,000, more than that, by several hundred dollars. 
But what we have done is to use this enormous power, prestige and military force of the United States to preserve peace. 
First of all, I admire the service that Senator Kerry has rendered to our country. 
He wouldn't know a suburb unless you took a bad turn. 
If we can reduce our energy consumption, it reduces the amount of petro-dollars they have to make bad luck around the world. 
But how did it affect you and if you have no experience, how can you help us, if you don't know how we feel? 
They devalued their currency and they also paid, and you know who got the money? 
You are the ones who make car payments and mortgage payments and do well by your children. 
MCCAIN: Not you, Tom. 
I want to quote someone closer to my home, Harry Truman. 
KENNEDY: One of the areas, and of course the most vulnerable area, I thought, was Eastern Europe. 
There are certain bases of the army that the act requires that can be used in some cases to shelter people when it's hard. 
Both are extremely dangerous, of course. 
What would you do if these people had their health insurance withdrawn? 
But it begins with working with states and local populations. 
I believe that the reform of social assistance must move to the next stage. 
Il a soulevé la question du leadership. 
You have to see it to believe it. 
But joint leaders say we are stronger, more confident and stronger than ever. 
I'd rather, if you gave me the wrong choice -- LEHRER: All right. 
It's a contract between generations. 
Oh, my God. 
But at the end of the day, I would ask this hero you talked about to ask himself whether Governor Romney or President Obama is convinced to help raise the middle class, to restore them to where they were before this great recession and they were wiped out. 
We have the most expensive health care system in the world. 
And sometimes it's a silent support for a friend, and so I'm gonna leave that one. 
Mr. SIMPSON: Mr. Speaker, do you not threaten to veto the bill - the urban aid bill - that included business areas? 
Mr. Bush is trying to run against Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and everyone but me in this race. 
Oh, I'm sorry. 
My balanced budget covers mammograms for women, women on Medicare and also provides respite care to millions of more families who have someone with Alzheimerâ€TMs. 
I would like to ask you what role does your faith play in your political decisions? 
You -- you walk the walk; you don't just talk k. so much in my own family, it's a very diverse family. 
I think it's true. 
This is a 30 percent reduction in the federal government's contribution to education in just eight years. 
Gentlemen, I want to stay on the issue of race, okay... 
Has the terrorist threat increased or decreased? 
I just think I can do it much more effectively, because the most important weapon in doing this is intelligence. 
And it would not cover several million people who are not at all covered by social security. 
The Vice-President, as you pointed out, spoke loud and clear for the lifting of sanctions against Iraq. 
Trump, this year, Secretary Clinton became the first woman appointed to the presidency by a major party. 
I have absolutely no problem with their intervention, I think they have an obligation as well as a right. 
(Laughs and applause) I have to say, when they talk about Boston Harbor and he says he didn't do anything, the facts are that he has a $6 billion waste treatment program underway. 
But I'm aware of what we asked for. 
They are on the civilian labour market and they are not fighting anywhere in the world today. 
George, Boston Harbor was polluted for 100 years. 
John McCain said exactly the opposite. 
But, Peter, please understand, the Liberals don't like me talking about Liberals. They don't like it when I say he says he's a cardholder. 
OBAMA: I want to make sure that -- I want to make sure we understand something. 
He was able to do so with an education program for the people of this state by adding some 1,500 new police officers; he did so in turn by the leadership I think he will bring to the ticket when he becomes president of the United States and fights against drugs. 
I talk to Tony Blair all the time. 
What about a woman? 
How can he guarantee this and also reduce the deficit in half, as he promised? 
You heard the president say earlier tonight that it's going to cost a lot more money than that. 
This has the advantage of ensuring that our employers do not violate the law as they try to meet their labour needs. 
He forgets that in the same debate on the Formosa resolution, which he said he voted - what he did - he voted against an amendment, or was registered against an amendment - and on that particular point - or on an amendment, I would say - which adopted the Senate overwhelmingly, seventy to twelve. 
The greatest disaster that could happen is that we are not succeeding in Iraq. 
We could get a homestead number in town. 
He proposed $2.2 trillion in new expenditures. 
We want to permanently extend the middle-class tax reduction for -- permanently, the Bush middle-class tax reduction. 
It's mathematically possible. 
You don't know how many people died in India. 
Not in this country. 
We didn't have the leadership in Washington to work on a bipartite basis. 
And of course we will have to consider the costs. 
My opponent is right, we need a good intelligence. 
Right now, I'm meeting young people across the country who have decided not to go to university or if they go to university, they're taking $20,000, $30,000, $50,000, $60,000 in debt, and it's very difficult for them to go to certain areas, such as basic science research, for example, thinking about themselves that they're going to have a mortgage before they even buy a house. 
WOODRUFF: Senator Quayle, your answer. 
But you simply take time from your candidate, and more likely than not, you will provoke the supporters of the other candidate to react again when their candidate speaks. 
You should go and see all over this country what's going on in the volunteer section: Americans helping America. 
That's the kind of change that would be made. 
Now, in the case of Mr Nixon, the reason why grace was granted is that, when I took office, this country was in a very, very divided state. 
We will continue to build strong coalitions. 
Senator Obama has $800 billion in new spending programs. 
That's why we're back to work. 
You remember that we increased this child credit by $1,000, reduced the marriage penalty, created a 10 percent tax bracket for low-income Americans. 
There are seniors who pay more for their prescriptions than many others, more than their pets, sometimes. 
But it's very important. 
If you're a small business, it's an overwhelming burden. 
There's all these studies there. 
We have dedicated ourselves to our children and now to our grandson nearly a year and a half. 
But I think we are right when we try, for example, to give mothers and newborns 48 hours before they can be expelled from the hospital, putting an end to these deliveries by car. 
You get more money, you keep more of your taxes by going abroad. 
First of all, what he has just said about the State Department is not only false, it has been found many times. 
Dan, I really appreciate you reading my book, but you're wrong. 
John McCain opposed the amendment of the Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty by an amendment allowing for inspections. 
And the question is that we can never get -- we can't get wages like that. 
I think it's real. 
We will go through a period of shared sacrifice. 
And, once again, I know these situations. 
I spent my life in the private sector. 
And so it is simply not appropriate to do so before this election. 
LEHRER: Do you have anything to say directly, Senator Obama, to Senator McCain about what he just said? 
All he does is talk about stops, but forget about it. 
Until you change, you'll be unhappy. 
The bipartite coalition of the open debate obtained millions of votes on the questions to be asked here, and it was, in fact, one of the most important questions they had. 
DOLE: Well, I'm really encouraged to know your renewed friendship with Al D'Amato, and I know he likes it. 
Why did she delete 33,000... 
Admiral Stockdale, it's up to you then, and then Senator Gore will have a chance to answer. 
The fact that the U.S. Army is worse today than it was eight years ago. 
Please, allow him to answer. 
And I supported a big expansion in safe and drug-free schools program to support things like the DARE program because I thought all these things were very important. 
No one's going to build another coal plant in America. 
Let me say quickly, at the current pace, that the President will not secure loose material in the Soviet Union -- the former Soviet Union for 13 years. 
My path is designed to get small businesses to grow and hire people. 
General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur turns in their graves to the stupidity of what we do in the Middle East. 
I think the world is changing fast. 
We're not going to get medicare. 
A wonderful new legislation that helps black people more and more. 
Could we give Admiral Stockdale a chance to jump here if he wants to, if he dares. 
Tonight, however, four panelists were to participate in this debate. 
We should not discriminate -- race, colour, anything -- lifestyle, disability. 
The administration blocked us every step of the way. 
You want to continue the multinational talks, don't you? 
And the reason why she could be independent was because of social security and health insurance. 
Let's have force agreement status to make sure we guarantee our gains. 
He didn't even recognize that he knew it was going to happen, knew how dangerous it was going to be in February, and he didn't even tell you. 
And that's what Secretary Haig said after he left, because what he treated was that they were only land-based nuclear missiles, that's where the Soviets had most of their missiles. 
And we have the greatest unemployment we have had under Mr Ford's administration since the Great Depression. 
They are not deterred by rhetoric. 
You're sitting at the kitchen table this morning deciding, well, we can't get new tires, they're bald, because we have to wait another month. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: This is a new question for the honourable senator -- for President Bush. 
But what we don't need is for the President to stop us from taking advantage of oil, coal and gas. 
With respect to tuition tax credits, I represented a 70% Catholic Queens district. 
We're going to make it... 
When a factory closes, I know the people who run it. 
And that is why tax reform is so important. 
But by the way, if he actually says, he doesn't know what he's going to accept. 
We need to eliminate a whole series of programs that don't work. 
And I think the marriage is between a man and a woman, and so is John Kerry. 
They didn't put a credible solution on the table. 
This means that there will be an increase in employment. 
And my whole concept was to make America big again. 
Syria is Russia and it is Iran, which it has done hard and Kerry and Obama have become a very powerful and very rich nation, very, very quickly, very, very quickly. 
Did we just have a great success with these investments? 
Mr. SHADEL (spoke in French): Mr. Vice-President, would you like to comment? 
So, after you both heard, the voters just heard you both, what's the difference? 
In a way, they shouldn't count, because you want to be able to say that Americans take 90% of the sacrifice. 
So, to conclude quickly, briefly, on the economy, what is your view on the level of federal regulation of the economy at this time? 
The president just said that his government is shrinking. 
I have a plan. 
It is not American, and to think that in the 21st century this kind of absurdity continues. 
By providing our employees with better mental health care, we have increased the number of employees. 
We thank you, President Ford, and we thank you, Governor Carter, for being with us tonight. 
Congressman Ferraro, your rebuttal. 
The country's top national security officials believe that Russia has been behind these hacks. 
It was an effort that was made by the Attorney General and myself, working with Congress. 
And, Mr. Trump, you're asking for tax reductions for the rich. 
But as Senator Clinton said in her discussions with you, we need to know the full extent of this relationship. 
I don't think so, and I think it's going exactly in the wrong direction. 
We need to develop fuel cells, alternative energies, and encourage people to conserve and be efficient. 
It's a great government at its best. 
But somehow in Washington today - and I'm afraid at Wall Street - greed is rewarded, excess is rewarded, and corruption - or certainly failure to fulfill our responsibility is rewarded. 
And we have to control it. 
In fact, we went in exactly the opposite direction. 
That's what prompted me to take part in this race, so that we could rebuild the American economy. 
Catholic social doctrine speaks of taking care of those who -- who cannot take care of themselves, those who need help. 
AUDIENCE_QUESTION: Moi aussi. 
He talked about good schools. 
And here, we have a very strong program for the Ministry of Trade. 
Mr. QUAYLE: I will try to answer the question again. 
Mr. WELKER: Vice-President, your answer please. 
We are now subsidizing housing for more than 10 million people, and we will continue to do so. 
Is that where you're going? 
What did he do? 
Let me go to Governor Romney because you talked about Pakistan and what to do there. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, two minutes. 
Legislators make the law; judges interpret the Constitution. 
What makes you think you're gonna be able to bring the Democrats and Republicans together better than those guys? 
Drug counsellors, on the street, who help young people who come to me and those who ask for help and who want help, do the hard work, the heroic work that it takes to provide this kind of leadership, this kind of advice, this kind of support. 
You seem to agree with him on every issue. 
They know what it's like not having flexible working hours. 
That's all you got. 
A repair of the VA that was a mess under him. 
There are important issues that need to be resolved. 
But when I make decisions, I'm on principle, and the principles are derived from who I am. 
Governor. 
We have created five million jobs, and we have left 800 jobs lost a month, and we are making progress. 
Medical care for the elderly, I would go under social security. 
It's not the government. 
George W. Bush of Texas and the Democratic candidate, Vice President Al Gore. 
I hope it's not Christmas when you make that decision. 
The last point I want to make, however. 
Are you really a Texan or a New Englander? 
I think the mission has become a little blurry. 
I was gonna say something... 
Thank you, and God bless you. 
I think the reason to support the death penalty is because it saves the lives of other people. 
The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is that they wanted to get ISIS leaders who, according to them, were in Mosul. 
I was asked to fix it. 
And if you're a modest income, you're worse. 
That's more than there's been a lot of time in recent years. 
If you are elected President, what will you bring to this office, thinking that this is the most serious threat to the national security of the United States? 
Blumenthal sent McClatchy, a highly respected journalist to McClatchy, Kenya, to find out. 
As I said a few months ago, I'm here as my own man and I want you to see me for who I really am. 
You have 525 children who do not know where in God they will be and have lost their parents. 
Governor Carter adopted the record of this Congress, dominated by his political party. 
Thank you very much, Jim. 
Television audiences could reach one hundred million in the United States and many millions abroad. 
Senator Kennedy's opening remarks. 
We estimate that these programs would add a minimum of $100 billion and probably a maximum of $200 billion each year to the federal budget. 
Would I understand if that happened to me, and I could just say I'm a big family. 
What bothers me the most is the way this administration has dealt with all these problems. 
BRUNO: Well, we've run out of time; according to the agreement, it's time to move on. 
It would blow up the bureaucracy, but you would increase the economy. 
But I think we can do it... MCCAIN: that's fine with me. 
The Federal Reserve has an independent status that must be preserved; I think that Mr Burns adopted a typical and erroneous republican attitude in 1973, when inflation was so high. 
I came from public schools, my family, my wife and my daughters all went to public schools. 
You said the delivery of your e-mails was a mistake. 
They're more dangerous today than they were four years ago. 
As the economy improves and improves, our gross national product will grow by an average of about 6 per cent over last year. 
It has been reinforced by recent Supreme Court decisions. 
It was with him and with the hateful and confrontational campaign that he conducted, and the incitement to violence at his rallies, and the very brutal kinds of comments on not only women, but all Americans, all kinds of Americans. 
We chose two people. 
I don't think it's enough for Senator Kennedy to go to the public on the democratic side and say, "Vote for me because I'm a democrat." 
President Donald Trump has launched a daily movement of Americans from every stage of life. 
We want to reform the health system, Bill Clinton wants to ration health care. 
I believe that free trade will broaden our employment opportunities. 
DUKAKIS: I don't know if the Vice-President agrees with that. 
Now, I don't really think it's identifying with the concerns of people living in poverty. 
And, unfortunately, when -- when -- when -- when you look at Obamacare, the Congressional Budget Office said it will cost $2,500 a year more than traditional insurance. 
We have a situation that is of concern to us all - which we are concerned about because of the denial of people's rights to equality, which we believe belongs to all. 
I paid $38 million a year, $27 million a year. 
I've been president for almost four years. 
WARNER: Yet you are on the advice of a group called Jobs with Peace in Boston, which advocates a 25% reduction in the defence budget and the transfer of that money to the national economy. 
They're all Americans and what we need to do, that is, wear these masks, number one, make sure we get the help companies need. 
Thank you, Jim. 
PENCE: Well, look, this is — look, he's not a polite politician like you and Hillary Clinton. 
KERRY: As far as Iran is concerned, it was the British, the French and the Germans who made an effort without the United States, unfortunately, to start trying to reduce the nuclear possibilities in Iran. 
The state of Indiana has balanced budgets. 
And if he ever kept his promise and gave his tax returns to the American public as he said, we'll see how much his economic plan is really a Trump-first plan. 
Vice President Pence, you have a minute to answer. 
We're going to choose hope rather than fear. 
Yeah, I get it. 
But I hope that the next administration — and if I have something to do with it, the next administration — will make a final major effort to ensure the control of nuclear tests, the control of nuclear weapons, if possible, the control of outer space, free from weapons, and to become the subject of general disarmament again. 
Saddam intervened personally to free them, supposedly at Zarqawi's request, but let us look at what we know of Mr Zarqawi. 
BUSH: Well, I think the answer to why the drop, I think, was the economy in the doldrums. 
You only take your candidate's time when you do that. 
And we will have to intervene, there is no doubt about it. 
We just have a different philosophy. 
What we need to do is just make some adjustments to take into account the fact that the baby boomers, people like me, are more numerous than those who went right before us and those who come right after us. 
I wish I had a better vision of the future. 
It is not the values of the poor that need to be questioned, it is the values of the Washington social protection system that prevent people from getting out of poverty. 
Now that two Congressional committees have participated in this investigation, both committees have largely approved me, and the House and Senate have done the same. 
Let me also say to you: 
It will launch 200,000 children out of early education. 
We see no justification in these economic times for those, and they are patriotic Americans. 
And congratulations to you, Mr. President, on your birthday. 
Governor Reagan, the Americans, through conservation, import much less oil today than a year ago. 
Ms. WIEGHART: Mr. Mondale, as you can get together from the question to the President, the famous war on poverty obviously did not end the problem of poverty, although it may have increased it. 
And as for the idea of building a nation, the sentence seems grand. 
They are the most innovative. 
We need to help the middle class. 
Over the past 12 years, as a member of the United States Senate, he has focused on national security issues, environmental protection, economic growth and values. 
These are standard rules. 
Really? 
I don't want it. 
Look what's going on with your friend in Michigan, where her husband is the only one who can do anything. 
We must do this at the federal government level. 
Mr. SMITH: The next question is: Mr. Novins. 
And I want to make sure that the result honors this nobility. 
We can give you all these numbers, they don't mean anything. 
If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. 
Dr. Fauci said the opposite. 
(Laughter) I have a file where I voted for superfund legislation. 
Yeah, that's right. 
But when you talk about Barack's plan to increase the tax on only those who make $250,000 a year or more, you forget the millions of small businesses that will fit into this category. 
He -- he made an agreement with Boris Yeltsin to completely remove them so that we could all sleep safely without fear tonight. 
But the idea of a trillion dollars of reductions through sequestration and budget cuts for the army would change that. 
And yes, we have too many taxes on the American people and we spend too much. 
And yet, despite your response a few minutes ago, what promise can you reasonably keep to these people that with the cost of housing that goes up, and with the limited help available from Washington, are we destined to become a nation of tenants? 
And frankly, I think we have much more love for our neighbor to do in this country and on this planet. 
I was in New Mexico the other day and met a group of OB/GYN docs. And they were deeply concerned because they feared that there would be another increase in professional misconduct insurance rates because of what they believe to be frivolous lawsuits and that it would make them out of business. 
I was very lucky. 
I ask you for your vote. 
We have a question from Ken Karpowicz. 
When I became president, I used the authority I had in this law to get out of certain federal rules to help states move people to work. 
And I am very proud of t. n addition, I have just been approved by ICE. 
According to whom you listen, social security will be bankrupt in 2025 or 2030. 
In the last month, taxes were the number one on Facebook for the first time in the campaign. 
But let me... 
But even before, the problem is because the money paid to social security this year is a right. 
And we also believe that the ban on the horrific practice of partial abortions at birth is an area where there could be agreement. 
Because you forgot another exception, the mother's health. 
Maybe someday someone can dream about it. 
Senator Dole, you're the first. 
Leadership qualities SAWYER: Mr. 
I have never depended on powerful political figures to put myself in power. 
And if that's not the case, why? 
And no one has approached this question. 
I will do everything I can as President to stop the boycott of American companies by the Arab countries. 
In fact, I know how important it is to ensure that our troops have the latest technology. 
Why Landale Shakespeare in Cleveland or Pilar Gonzales in Milwaukee cannot give their children the opportunity to go to a better school. 
It is also true that this is a situation which has occurred at our borders through a number of administrations. 
I visited a Jeep factory, the oldest in America, a factory in Toledo, Ohio, where they're going to export 41,000 Jeeps to the right this year, and they have 700 new jobs because of that. 
I felt very strong about it, and I didn't want to go there at the time. 
We have lost the character of the American people in our foreign policy. 
I know your complaint. 
He appointed three people, I appointed three people to get the campaign funding reform. 
They then turned their attention away from the very people who attacked us, who were at the centre of the war against terror, and so Osama bin Laden is still at large. 
United States foreign policy meets the highest moral standards. 
The state of Indiana has also sought to ensure that we expand alternatives to health care counselling for women, non-abortion alternatives. 
I think we need to come back -- particularly with respect to defence spending, which is most of our appropriations -- we need to eliminate more expensive contracts. 
This is the opinion of many others, national security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of Congress. 
We started the day we entered the office. 
I've been talking about a reduction in capital gains for a long time, and his friends in Congress are telling me that it's tax relief for the rich. 
We're running out of time, gentlemen. 
One of my strongest allies in Congress when I was Secretary of Defense was Jack Murtha, a Democrat who is chairman of the Sub-Committee on Defence Credits. 
We are four years closer to a nuclear Iran. 
Who makes the decision, who makes the decision very difficult, very tearing? 
The other day, I was honoured to be flanked by Colin Powell and General Norman Schwartzkopf, who recently stood by me and accepted with me. 
The man who should be here tonight to answer these accusations chose not to attend. 
BROKAW: Senator Bentsen, I would like to refer you to Judy's question about your disputes with Michael Dukakis about contractual assistance. After all, counter-aid has been one of the cutting-edge issues in the country's foreign policy over the past eight years. 
But some of them were not reunited. 
Rod Kite, minister. 
We have been able, I think, to reassure the Arabs and the Israelis to play a major role. 
No, I know. 
And most law enforcement in America wanted to ban assault weapons. 
And they want it because they've understood from the beginning that when we open doors, we're all stronger, as we were at the Olympics. 
For the record, I have decided on topics and questions on each topic. 
This is a very important decision that you will make on November 7. 
We will keep American forces there -- we have about 16,000 today -- as long as necessary to help Afghans cope with their security situation. 
I can't tell you where it's going to be, I can't even tell you the circumstances -- but it's going to happen. 
One of them came out last week, you saw that, Oh, we're going to open on November 9. 
Thank you, Mr. Nixon. 
We are developing the health care of veterans across the country. 
They financed Hezbollah, Hamas, they went from zero centrifuges to 4,000 centrifuges to develop a nuclear weapon. 
Too many young African American and Latin American men have ended up in prison for non-violent offences. 
We're with them. 
When Donald Trump spoke to Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said, no, we're building a wall, and we're deporting everyone. 
Invest in Solyndra. 
KAINE: And — and — and I just think a guy who rents... PENCE: He said he's stronger — he's been stronger on the world stage. 
I was in Pennsylvania with someone who just graduated -- it was in Philadelphia -- and she said, "I have my degree. I can't find a job. I have three part-time jobs. They're barely enough to pay for my food and an apartment. I can't start paying back my student loans." 
So, if you want, you know, continue -- but I don't want to leave everything -- ROMNEY: Candy, Candy -- CROWLEY: -- sitting here -- ROMNEY: Candy, I don't have a policy of stopping wind jobs in Iowa and that -- they're not ghost jobs. 
More than 50 per cent of the regulations go to lawyers and to the administration of overheads. 
We have 20 million names on a computer in Washington, D.C. of people who shouldn't have weapons. 
There are 30 countries. 
I, too, want this wall that is in the Constitution of the separation of the Church and the State to remain there. 
Mr. George Allen, head of your Information Service, said that this has meant that people in the world are starting to wonder if we are the first in science. 
So when we talk about energy plans, it's not just who got tax relief and who didn't. 
I then had an interview with Neil Cavuto. 
And that's something I'm committed to doing as president. 
Tensions are going to go away. 
I think they will, and I think we will. 
It's the equivalent of our generation. 
That's not true. 
One thing I think Americans should be proud of, when Tunisians began protesting, this nation -- me, my administration -- was with them earlier than any country. 
We cannot repay the $4 trillion in debt, balance the budget and have the industries of the future and highly paid jobs in this country without having the income. 
The Duelfer report told you yesterday, you and the whole world, that they were working. 
And I think it was Judge Black who talked about the great nations, like the great men, who have to keep their word. 
Mr. President, you're implying that the CIA in Nicaragua is leading the contras there. 
I'd like to talk to you about me. 
The United States Congress opened six hundred and seventy-seven million dollars of mare which the President was ready to use until a week ago. 
And I think that tonight, as we contrast for the first time with our different approach to government, values, leadership in this country, I think that as this debate moves forward, the American people will have an opportunity for the first time to weigh us against each other. 
And the choice is to progress with strength and prosperity or to return to weakness, despair, disrespect. 
They inform about the bad guys. 
The democratic party of this century has defended something. 
I would like to be the next President of the United States to support and assist this great nation and to ensure that we all remain America as the hope of the earth. 
But I finally did. 
Mr President, we are talking about the economy. 
There is a fundamentally different vision of how we move our country forward. 
There was a photo of these horrible cages and they said, "Look at these cages, President Trump built them. And then it was determined that they were built in 2014. 
Very briefly, if a young couple who earn $50,000 a year saves $1,000, the government will put another $1,000 in that account. 
Now, these are the two people involved, so maybe if you put them together, they did. 
It is naive and dangerous to take a policy that he suggested the other day, that is, to have bilateral relations with North Korea. 
So let us do the minutes. 
When we look, for example, at the vote on the Congo. 
I don't want to raise taxes. 
I thought it was a terrible thing. 
I thought you gave it up. 
I'm watching Hillary go through the facts. 
Secretary Clinton? 
I think we should focus on the problems and not tackle each other. 
I have a deep religious faith. 
And they say, hey, we need to do more to make the contributions we should make to rebuild the middle class.I don't think the top down is working in America. 
If they give us an authentic and complete account of the eight hundred MIAs, then I think the United States should start negotiations for Vietnam's admission to the United Nations. 
And John McCain said he'd accept a deal, but he wouldn't sit down. 
Let me start with Texas. 
Democratic Senator Al Gore. 
And the reason is that small businesses pay this individual rate; 54 percent of U.S. workers work in businesses that are taxed not at the corporate tax rate, but at the individual tax rate. 
And General Brown has expressed his apologies, his regrets, and I believe that in this situation he will resolve the issue. 
Now we have a chance. 
I made the commitment we would make. 
We will not wait another year or two, as Governor Carter points out. 
These may be disclosed on income tax returns, but they refuse to do so. 
As far as I'm concerned, this is a campaign on the stakes. 
I'm sorry. 
Why didn't you do that four years ago, let alone? 
You'll get the vaccine sooner than that. 
We have a very different vision. 
I think we were right to pass Bill Kassebaum-Kennedy, which says that you cannot lose your health insurance simply because you are changing jobs or because someone in your family is sick. 
They should be closed if they are personal and apply to a company. 
And we need to reform. 
Of course, I would see that our country would be there to exert all kinds of pressure on the neighbouring countries of Honduras, Costa Rica and El Salvador, in order to promote the kind of society with which we can all live and security in that country. 
Here we go. 
We have declining crime rates, two million fewer people on social assistance lists prior to the adoption of social assistance reform, and a 50 per cent increase in child support and a criminal bill with 60 death sentences and 100,000 police officers and the prohibition of weapons of aggression. 
Secretary Clinton, would you like to respond? 
My chief of staff, for example, had two children who were still in school. 
Let me come back and say, why don't I want to raise taxes? 
I repeat it today. 
I showed that I knew how to do it. 
There are several issues in which, frankly, Joe Biden and I are openly and honestly in disagreement about national security policy, and he was wrong about a number of the most important. 
We need to move from oil to coal. 
I'm not saying I made the decisions. 
But again, there have been so many changes in the conditions of our economy in recent weeks that there have been more and more revelations to the Americans about corruption and greed on Wall t. e need to look back, even two years ago, and we need to be grateful for John McCain's call to reform with Fannie Mae, with Freddie Mac, with mortgage lenders, too, who were really starting to face this head of abuse. 
You said you were Abraham Lincoln. 
I am not saying that the Democrats are united in their support for the programme. 
Answer it very quickly, and then I will answer my question. 
Does anyone in this country think that they might want to move our country forward and leave someone behind? 
Number three, we're going to have to have training programs that work for our workers and schools that finally put parents and teachers and children first, and teachers' unions are going to have to fall behind. 
They have red, green and yellow and they have to report... OBAMA: I'm just trying to follow John. 
(Cheers and applause) DUKAKIS: And I think the vice-president supported the Bork nomination. 
They would not get a single cent of tax increases, these small businesses. 
I was opposed to the war, but I loved my country and we need a president who will bring this country together, not divide it. 
My predecessors and I have both been deeply committed to controlling the proliferation of nuclear weapons. 
So, I can say there's a lot of interest. 
We have not maintained our position and prestige. 
And I'd like to see us a little more free, as we once were. 
Mr. Ford's been here 18 months. 
I will ask questions for the first half under the rules that allow for follow-up. 
Why am I cutting taxes on the middle class? 
PENCE: Elaine, in your opinion, these judges said it was because there was still no evidence that — that ISIS had infiltrated the United States. 
We were peaceful when Mr. Ford took office. 
How would you oppose your approach to prevent future oil pricing and supply problems as we now approach Governor Bush? 
The magazine Economist interviewed many economists, seven Nobel laureates who said that if this tax system passes, it will require huge 40 per cent reductions in the environment, law enforcement and education. 
The implications are obvious. 
We have increased funding for AIDS. 
I call it the "Pont Ultimate" anywhere. 
That, once again, the printing presses will start rolling; once again, we will see the monetization of this debt translate into a higher rate of inflation. 
And, as I say, I don't think I can continue unless I have a belief in higher authority and a belief that prayers are answered. 
For the American people, I do this because I love you. 
And do you count on the Supreme Court, including a Barrett judge, to settle a dispute? 
Should the United States have apologized for the Americans burning Korans in Afghanistan? 
And we'll start with health problems. 
President Bush, 1 minute. 
I think there has been a good opportunity to bring Republicans and Democrats together to reform the social security system so that older people will never do without it. 
I do not agree with that view. 
WALLACE: President Trump, you've often said that you think you've done more for the Black Americans than any president except Abraham Lincoln. 
They still arrive in Zabul, in Kunar, in all these areas, but we send fewer people to the front to fight them. 
So I think it's worth a try. 
And he has my full confidence and he will have the trust of the people who are in their 30€ and 40€ and more. 
That's not what you did in this generation. 
My definition of national force is to make sure that a dollar spent buys us a dollar worth of defense. 
But my main role is to be Hillary Clinton, a right-wing and strong partisan, as she brings together the most historic administration possible. 
I want a country where people who work hard and play according to the rules are rewarded, not punished. 
Vice President Biden, two minutes. 
There is great progress towards peace and reconciliation in Bosnia. 
And if qualifications alone are the problem in this campaign, George Bush has more qualifications than Michael Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen combined. 
You always avoid... 
Looks like they can't do it. 
In Section A, Terry Chary (ph) -- am I right, Terry? 
Before being sworn in, the government's policy was to have bilateral negotiations with North Korea. 
You have 30 seconds to answer, Mr. Vice President. 
Keep interest rates down so they can afford to buy a house or send their children to university. 
Even before election day, something that none of these economists even predicted had happened, that the economy was so aggravated that I openly said that what we thought on the basis of our plan could have brought a balanced budget -- no, that was no longer possible. 
She didn't answer, because when Ambassador Stevens... COOPER: The question is, is this the discipline of a good leader? 
And Senator McCain voted for four of George Bush's five budgets. 
But it won't solve the problem. 
It was... [crosstalk] TRUMP: Because I want to go to ISIS's defeat, because I want to go to job creation, because I want to go to a strong border, because I want to go to things that are very important to me and that are very important to the country. 
You went up to Missouri, about $3,500. 
This story reported several times that I would lower taxes for low- and middle-income families and that the correction was made to the White House and I'm sure the president is aware of this correction, but he still insists on repeating an erroneous statement. 
The Americans deserve to know that Senator Kamala Harris was one of only 10 members of the Senate to vote against the USMCA. 
All these other countries are waiting for us. 
It was not created as a social assistance program. 
There are millions of ballot papers coming out right now. 
So I think we need to strengthen the family. 
Do you really believe -- do you really think Bill Clinton will tell the truth? 
There is a fundamental philosophical difference here between the president and myself, who believe that we should let the American people keep more of what they earn and we should give them the power to have more control over their own lives -- I think the Kerry-Edwards approach is basically to increase taxes and give the government more control over the lives of individual citizens. 
It turned out that a number of them belonged to people who contributed to your campaigns. 
PALIN: All right, I would like to say very quickly that when you look back and say that the Bush administration's policy towards Afghanistan might be the same as McCain's, and that's not e.g. the principles of overvoltage, not the exact strategy, but the principles of overvoltage that worked in Iraq must also be implemented in Afghanistan. 
People will be able to bring their HMO insurance company to court. 
A few days ago, a bipartite commission of Republicans and Democrats, more Republicans than Democrats, said my plan would save the average family $1,200 per year more than the Bush plan by the year 2000; $2.2 trillion over the next 12 years; $400 billion per year by the end of this decade. 
Governor Romney has a perspective that says if we cut taxes, turn to the rich and step back the rules, we'll be better. 
They're trying to defeat us. 
That doesn't make any sense. 
The opening up of more trade, particularly in Latin America. 
But guess what, America? 
I talked to them and I listened. 
The whole press body looked at him. 
My priority will be the health of our citizens. 
I want you to hear a problem that we have here in the United States. 
We cannot stand pat because it is essential with the conflict that we have all over the world that we not only hold our own, that we not only keep freedom for ourselves. 
In 1987, you wrote a letter, and we'll pass it on to the media. 
Now we went to South Africa late, after Great Britain, Rhodesia, the black nations had been trying to solve this problem for many years. 
One percent of America got $89 billion last year in a tax cut, but people work hard, playing by the rules, trying to take care of their children, family values, that we're supposed to value so much in America -- I'm tired of politicians talking about family values and not valuing families. 
I'm sure it's for a woman. 
Ford often puts forward a program like a cascade of public relations, and never tries to get it through Congress by working with Congress. 
Who means why you don't like the way the campaign goes? 
And she was fiercely independent. 
We will never commit ourselves to a risky plan to privatize social security. 
And maybe you need someone who understands when you have your chosen pocket. 
Here's the problem: 10,000 people retire every day in America today and they will retire for 20 years. 
Attendez, les gars. 
It's a silence. 
That's where I got my name. 
I'd like to clear up the record and browse it piece by piece. 
That's where he violated the deal. 
But among those you have appointed, I will not work actively for the passage of any of them. 
If you wanted to run against President Bush, you should have introduced yourself four years ago. 
But a lot of people agree with me, a lot of people. 
A recent study has shown that middle class people will see $4.0. 0 per year in higher taxes as a result of the expenditure and borrowings of this administration. 
The American people can decide whether it is a liberal record or a record that is good for America. 
We have made more than 45 per cent of total economic and military assistance available to Israelis since Israel was established 27 years ago. 
In my opinion, you can do these programs - and they should be carefully defined - in a balanced budget if our economy moves forward. 
The fact that we have today the strongest economy in history is not enough. 
The vice president ignored them. 
You promised in the last debate that you would not increase taxes on those who earn less than $200,000 a year. 
They went to the same church; they never met before. 
But let's look at the facts here. 
We believed in a partnership, and it was an example of a partnership between not only the local government and the federal government, but also between the private sector that built this particular structure. 
And believe me, this country thinks it's so shameful. 
It's Mr. Perot. 
A team of mavericks, of course, we won't agree on 100% of everything. 
Your two minutes have expired, but I want to follow up. 
We must open up the possibilities for this research. 
What we trust is a scientist. 
Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...HOLT: Let me interrupt for a moment, but...TRUMP: Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have done it for years, not now, because we created a movement. 
We heard Senator Kerry say the other night that there should be some kind of global test before American troops are deployed in a preventive manner to protect the United States. 
I saw the winds of hatred divide people and keep the people of my state poorer than they would have been, spiritually and economically. 
Before the election, would you commit to any of these difficult choices, such as which of these rights should be withdrawn? 
Your doctor chooses your prescription. 
Now exactly what action, you would have to determine what your intelligence was, how you were certain of that intelligence, but you would have to act. 
Now we have tried - our country has tried to create a crisis response team in Africa there, and we have encountered some resistance. 
I live in a state where more than half of adults have hunting or fishing permits, or both. 
He never took part in this campaign. 
He said no, he said, it is — it is transparent, the President of China is transparent. 
He then said you need to focus on the owners and people on Main Street. 
CLINTON: On the point raised by Mr.Perot, I agree that we have to cut spending in Congress. 
Proud Boys, step back and stand ready. 
How many defense cuts are safe? 
KENNEDY: Mr. Edwards, I don't think it's a wise idea for presidential candidates to appoint his cabinet members prospectively, or to suggest four people - indicate that one of them will surely be appointed. 
There's money available after school. 
Last week, a senior official of the Japan Economic Planning Agency boasted that Japan is now able to influence the value of the dollar, our interest rates and even our stock prices. 
It wasn't a mistake. 
And as for those who called this central war against terrorism to be in Iraq, it was General Petraeus and al-Qaeda, the two leaders there and it is probably the only thing they will agree on, but it was a central war against terrorism in Iraq. 
John McCain would recognize him. 
Not because I'm preaching to the people of the South because it's not just a problem in the South; it's a problem in the North and a problem in the West; it's a problem for all of us. 
We -- the program's over there. 
I want the government to squeeze pennies for a change instead of American families. 
And that's exactly what we're going to do. 
Mr. SHAW: Mr. Secretary, this is a question for you. 
And I'm very, very proud of that. 
A year ago, I think, you said that you would not have hesitated to recommend a tax increase if you considered it necessary. 
And when you do that, you have homeless families. 
BRUNO: Senator Gore, please. 
Take him off. 
But I would propose to keep that income up, not through a type of program that Senator Kennedy suggested to raise prices, but a program that would compensate the farmer, would pay the farmer in kind, uh - products that are in surplus. 
They operate at 96% or 97% capacity. 
You're saying we gave mortgages to people who weren't qualified. 
We have seen 10.5 million new jobs created over the past four years. 
I took everything from transnational criminal organizations, to large banks that benefited the owners, to for-profit colleges that benefited the veterans. 
I think the way to get tax fairness in this country is to provide tax relief to middle-income people who have an income of about $8,000 up to twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars. 
I'll catch him later. 
Most don't like it, but we have to have a system where people are held accountable when – and besides, violence in response is never appropriate, never appropriate. 
If you reduce the amount in 1 on every $6, then you have to reduce the value of each cheque by 1 on every $6 unless you arrive with the money from another place. 
And that's what I did administratively. 
Excuse me, Portland, the sheriff just came out today and he said, "I support President Trump." I don't think you have law enforcement. 
Control this deficit and debt to prevent a debt crisis. 
This Hillary was part of the team that got Ben Laden. 
So let me bring another one... OBAMA: But it will make a difference as to whether or not we can advance this economy for these young people... GROWTH: I understand. 
You have to help us out there. 
Of course. 
And so if you want to do something about it, go ahead and help yourself. 
We should promote diversity and we should do so in the way Bob Dole spoke, with a new civil rights program, based on expanding access to credit and capital, employment opportunities, educational choice in our central cities for a young urban mother who cannot get the kind of education she wants for her child, and, ultimately, the type of ownership and entrepreneurship of public housing in D.C. at Nickerson Gardens in Watts, Los Angeles. 
Vice-Chair Quayle and Senator Gore both served on the Senate Committee on Armed Services. 
I think you have to tell the pharmaceutical companies that they cannot continue to raise the price of medicines to three times the rate of inflation. 
When I came back from this war, I saw it was wrong. 
Governor Romney said it was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 -- he put an end to it. 
And there would simply be a delay, and on the other hand, many people who would be given a job are currently wards of the government and it would not be wrong to give them a tax incentive, because they... it does not cost the government either. 
And the pressure that has been exerted on our alliances around the world and the respect that has been diminished over the last eight years have prevented us from acting on something like the genocide in Darfur, because we have neither the resources nor the allies to do everything we should do. 
And I don't want to give my friend Ross another chance, but I'm fighting Congress to get this through. 
You need more than 35 people to hold elections in Cleveland, let alone Iraq. 
6 trillion surplus in the 1990s to save social security. 
And I looked at the way you're talking now about how beautiful everything is and how wonderful you are. 
If your ticket wins and President Trump refuses to accept a peaceful transfer of power, what steps would you and Vice President Biden take? 
Positive action does not mean quotas. 
To send their children to university with a $10,000 tax deduction for tuition fees at university per child per year. 
You're talking about the increase in the cost that the president has had on Capitol Hill - the law of reform of medical misconduct - for several years. 
PENCE: – liberated American energy, this administration saw the creation of 500,000 manufacturing jobs – 
SCHIEFFER: The first part is the challenge of a changing Middle East and the new face of terrorism. 
Entertainment industry, people involved in schools, education. 
In fact, they have obtained a commission at the moment in Congress, a bipartite commission, by examining all the different options they will present to the next Congress. 
I'll take care of it. 
Margaret Warner has a question for you, Mr. Vice President. 
How do you see it? 
The army's job is to win the war. 
But I have to give you about the same time. 
They did it on the Medicaid prescription drug bill and we need to change the culture. 
Can any American who examines the situation in Latin America feel satisfied with what is happening today, when a candidate for the presidency of Brazil believes that it is necessary to call - not in Washington during the campaign - but in Castro in Havana, in order to regain the support of Castro's supporters in Brazil? 
Now that we've talked about the problem of free trade, let's go back to the centre of the bull's eye. 
They're trying to say, "Did you make a mistake in Iraq?" 
As the equipment ages, it needs to be replaced. 
But, unlike Governor Reagan, I don't support a jumper like the MX missile. 
And I think the housing community is ready. 
Now we have natural gas and so many other things because of technology. 
Kennedy, senator, Vice-President Nixon said that he cost the party's two platforms and that yours would run at least ten billion dollars a year more than hiss. 
Our bill has been much more effective. 
You thought it should have been 5,000 soldiers... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Governor? 
Your two minutes are up, Governor. 
Time out. 
What do you say to Americans who fear that the cost of closures, the impact on the economy, higher rates of hunger, depression, domestic abuse and toxic substances will outweigh the risk of exposure to the virus? 
Mr WELKER: Very well, Mr Vice-President — 
That's what we've been through for eight years. 
We attach ourselves to Parley, said Winston Churchill ten years ago. 
Now, the three things they're trying to say that I've changed my position are the Patriot Act; I haven't. 
Are you contemplating a mission, LEHRER: Mrs Ann, sorry, sorry. 
Under your guidance, for a great t. t. you look at the Middle East, you started the Iran agreement, it's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean, they were doing so much pain. 
This is where we are today, because of the failure of the management of this administration. 
I've seen us ignore Africa. 
Mr. Trewhitt, a question for Governor Carter. 
If you have a seriously ill or seriously injured child and you have to stay with that child in the hospital, some employers have said that you cannot take too much time despite these circumstances. 
The Arctic National Wildlife Area is one of them. 
Now, this comes from an answer I made at least 50 times during this press campaign, when I was asked to get you ideas about what you would do if you were there? 
That is precisely what I recommended and finally what happened. 
President Bush or Mr. Perot? 
He made a mistake in invading Iraq. 
And education is my number one priority, because I think this is the most important change we can make in our country. 
You obviously studied my plan. 
It was a program that did not work and the Vocational Training Partnership Act is working. 
They will not let them see the written instructions given to Ambassador Glaspie. 
This is progress in the environment. 
Mr. LEHRER: [Interpretation] Answer, Mr. Vice-President. 
The security aspect of cyber is very, very difficult. 
In general, what happened was that there was a debate between more money or reform, and I think we need both. 
I never say anything I don't mean. 
He's raised taxes several times. 
That many of your good friends like Bill Bennett and others of us who have admired your firm intention over the years have felt that you are not quite the crusader for this cause that you were once. 
In America, no one will go without care, no one will go without food. 
And as you know, I pushed the debate to include the 209 American citizens who were part of it in Richmond a few days ago. 
Well, it's just -- you talked to him. 
That's why we didn't think Halliburton should have a contract without commitment. 
We must look back at what is happening to steel and the cost of steel and China, which is pouring large quantities of steel throughout the United States, which essentially kills our steel mills and steel companies. 
No one's talking about that. 
And no one ever criticized me for not having strong beliefs. 
We must therefore use all these weapons to combat the recession if it were to come. 
And I know you can't defend yourself. 
Let's go to -- let's go to a new subject. 
I strongly support the WIC programme. 
It makes a difference. 
Do you want to solve the problem or the sound? 
And I said, well, how does it stop being disruptive? 
Is there a bit of politics, maybe on both sides? 
Right away, Mr. 
But they are important and dangerous now because they are making a major effort in their own country. 
Thank you, Mr. Vice-President, for being here. 
Bush: Senator, no one is playing with your votes. 
The first place to do this by 2035 is in the production of energy. 
So I think the case of government intervention is good. 
But let me tell you. 
I am thinking of doctors and scientists, Jonas Salk, who, for example, discovered a vaccine that cured one of the most terrible diseases we have ever had. 
She didn't talk while you were talking. 
Well, I have a plan to do something about it. It is to make health care affordable and available in this way. 
I do not want American workers to subsidize the loss of their own jobs. 
But we're opening the old post office. 
Central America GEYER: Mr. Mondale, two related questions on the crucial issue of Central America. 
But it is also that all his life he has never forgotten where he came from, coming from Scranton, fighting for the families who work, remembering what it is to see his father lose his job and go through an economic downward spiral. 
The American political system is superior to the corrupt capitalist system in Russia in all y. n Donald Trump and I observe that, as I said in Syria, Iran, Ukraine, the small leader of Russia and intimidation has been stronger on the world stage than this administration, which says painful facts. 
And let me tell you another fact about the controls. 
Let me go back to Texas, for example, for a minute. 
We were losing 800,000 jobs a month when I started. 
And I'm interested in what we can trust him and what you can trust me and what you can trust Mr. Perot for the next four years. 
Look at the man's file running for president. 
If elected, will you start establishing full diplomatic relations with Beijing, and will you repeal the Mutual Defence Treaty with Taiwan? 
Mr. Bush and Mr. Quayle don't. 
I mean, I want to stop him from crossing the border. 
That's an excellent question. 
You want me to do it with you? 
Governor Dukakis, yours is the first closing statement, sir. 
That is something Senator Kennedy and all the Americans need to know. 
But America can't stand it. 
But I also believe that everyone should have a fair chance and that everyone should do their fair share and that everyone should play according to the same rules, because that is how our economy has grown. 
Let me give you a few examples. 
This is likely to happen in 2012 or 2015. 
How about Sandra Day O'Connor as an example? 
But what we are looking at today is to try to judge once again the extent of the experience and maturity of someone carrying out such a task. 
You won't slow down defence spending; you won't do that -- -- WALTERS: Mr. 
I believe that the means I am defending will help to achieve this objective better than the means it stands for. 
But when I see the CIA doing things like they do in Central America - supporting a secret war - no, I don't support this kind of activity. 
It's breaking family budgets. 
Well, that's not just my opinion. 
First of all, after being Attorney General of the State of California, the work I did is a model of what our nation must do and we will be able to do under Joe Biden's presidency. 
It's a state of mind. 
It has created tens of thousands of American jobs. 
We have reduced the military strength by one million four hundred thousand. 
Margaret Warner for the vice president. 
Feldstein told you in his report. 
Senator Harris, as the Vice-Chair mentioned, you co-sponsored the Green New Deal in Congress, but Vice-Chair Biden said last week that he was not in favour of the Green New Deal. 
He said that he would have already proposed a plan to reform health insurance and social security, because he stressed that they were on the way to bankruptcy. 
Look, guys, use your common sense. 
Mixed messages send the wrong signals to Iraqi citizens. 
I think science is real. 
You have to tell the truth. 
You don't have to believe me, John McCain. 
Mr President, you referred earlier to your meeting with Mr Brejnev in Vladivostok in 1974. 
So I believe that, (A), we must enforce the laws we already have, ensure that we keep weapons out of the hands of criminals, those who are mentally ill. 
They know that the Democratic Party will not. 
It is the stalemate government, and we have seen almost a complete break in the proper relationship between the President, who represents this country, and Congress, who collectively also represents this country. 
The success gap between minority and non-minority students is as large as it's ever been. 
I get victim reports every day. 
And therefore, what we have been able to do is to provide millions of additional help to students, reduce or maintain low interest rates on student loans. 
And when you reduce productivity at the same time as you produce press money to print in excessive quantities, you cause inflation. 
I would say this: in the event that such an attack would have occurred and in the event that the attack would have been a prelude to an attack on Formosa - which would be an indication today because the Chinese Communists repeatedly say that their objective is not the offshore islands, that they only consider them as springboards to take Formosa - in the event that their attack was then a prelude to an attack on Formosa, there is no question, but that the United States would then, as in the case of Berlin, honour our conventional obligations and remain our ally of Formosa. 
The neighborhoods are safer because the crime is falling. 
I said, "You don't have to come back every year, we have to come back, because President Obama would never give them long-term funding. 
Are you questioning the effectiveness of masks? 
I don't know, he obviously made a lot of money, somewhere, but he has this thing about living in a basement. 
And two minutes. 
The president of the election year decided I had to do something, I didn't do anything about drugs. 
And the question is if you surrender or indicate in advance that you are not going to defend a part of the free world, and you think that it will satisfy them, it does not satisfy them. 
TRUMP: So we have the tree trillion program, we have so many different programs. 
We still don't know where the bottom is right now. 
and reduce our violence. 
I tried to use the White House as a chair of intimidation, speaking against discrimination. 
OBAMA: No, I think - I had five seconds before you interrupted me, was... (LAUGHTER) ... the irony is that we saw this model work very well in Massachusetts, because Governor Romney did a good thing, working with the democrats in the state to put in place what is essentially the same model and therefore people are covered there. 
And I want to give this president the credit for bringing Osama bin Laden to the truth is, Osama bin Laden led Al-Qaida. 
The attorneys of the trial, the great supporters of the president. 
And he said at that time, in a quote, and it's a paraphrase, a gel, it's easy. 
I was someone who had been called a uniter, not a divider, because I accept the views of others. 
Mr. Speaker, you described the Black Lives Matter movement as a symbol of hatred. 
If you win more than $60,000 and up to $100, you will still get a game, but not as generous. 
Senator McCain's campaign publicly stated last week that if we continue to talk about the economic crisis, we lose, so we have to change the subject. 
It's really dangerous, though? 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is his tax plan. 
Now I won't. 
And we've been through some difficult times but we're always bouncing because of our character, because we're getting together and if I have the privilege of being your president for another four years, I promise you I'll always listen to your voices. 
The other clay she was in a factory and she said to the workers: Why are you all voting for, why are you so many voting for the Reagan-Bush ticket. 
They must know that the credibility of the United States is always good, because they will not follow us without it. 
Because I want you to move on to something that's somehow connected to cars here, and -- and go on. 
I don't think in racial harmony I'm a vegetable on that. 
We spent $10 billion. 
You resisted the appointment of a Tsar because you thought she might interfere with the treatment. 
I think the most important thing to emphasize, however, is that we must also help people in other ways to build a strong economy and we cannot have a tax reduction that is not paid for. 
And it's paid, and I'll tell you how I'm gonna pay it. 
How would it resolve it when these disputes occurred? 
I would like to mention that a few days ago Senator Obama was in Ohio and had a meeting with a plumber, his name being Joe Wurzelbacher. 
I generally supported him, but I saw them making phone calls which, in my opinion, were very questionable. 
And it's a gift to ISIS and terrorists, violent jihadists are not at war with Islam. 
I'd also like to know if the fact that the CIA is investigating its own manual in such a sensitive area is not like sending the fox to her henhouse a second time? 
I'm Jim Lehrer from "The NewsHour" on PBS. 
Senator Obama says he must be safe or disposable or something. 
In 2008, you wrote in one of your books that the most important feature of a good leader is discipline. 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, 30 seconds. 
I would be the person responsible for the legislative initiatives of the United States Congress for our administration. 
My opponent says he's going to try to change the dynamics on the ground. 
That is exactly what the President did when he vetoed the Family Leave Act. 
And we have a fundamental choice to make. 
You must show that you are serious about this. 
I think we should have incentives to do so, I think we should push for it. 
I believe that the next administration will be the one that will have to tackle the current situation. 
He learned about the expiry date of SALT I, apparently. 
Can you give us details, in terms of scenario, deadlines, and so on, to put an end to the major military involvement of the United States in Iraq? 
In my Senate career, I worked with Bob Dole on Bosnia. 
But we have already tried, promising people a tax reduction for the election year that is not paid. 
WOODRUFF: Tom, a question for Senator Quayle. 
I want us to finalize this START agreement and I want it to be the one that finally leads the world to ban chemical and biological weapons. 
We are looking at more than 30 million people who in recent months have had to apply for unemployment. 
And people are willing to invest capital in brown fields don't want to do it for fear of a lawsuit. 
And the answer is, yes, we can help, but it will take a different path. 
Let us look at the situation with regard to economic growth as it really is. 
Now, if there was a link, I think there would be a different parallel between rising deficits and falling interest rates. 
Because they have been hard hit in the last decade. 
And I am here only to tell you that I believe with all my heart that our priority must be world peace, and that the use of force is always and only a last resort, when everything else has failed, and then only with regard to our national security. 
It takes eight years, ten years to do it. 
KAINE: I'm going to go through the list of things where you don't have to defend... PENCE: This is not the right old time when you can just say things and people believe it. 
We'll need some money, John. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Mr. President, let's go to a new question. 
And you know what, it's not Joe's fault he came here either. 
But as we look at the decisions that the next President of the United States will have to make, I do not believe that the place where you are going first is these programs, these so-called rights, which provide a basic income floor and a modest amount of medical care for the elderly, the disabled, for those who cannot cope alone, and in many cases, have given this country a lot. 
For weeks — I've been reading about Mosul for weeks, that it's the port from where — you know, between Raqqa and Mosul, that's where they think ISIS's leaders are. 
It also defines marriage as a marriage between a man and a woman. 
I'm going to help the African Americans. 
When we are weak at home economically - high unemployment, high inflation, a confused government, a wasted defence facility, it encourages the kind of pressure that has been put on us successfully. 
And by the way, so far, I have a lot of respect for how you handle this, I have to say. 
You own this country, but you don't have a voice in the way it's organized now, and if you want to have a high-risk experience, comparable to the elastic jump, go to Congress a time when they work on this kind of legislation, when lobbyists run up and down corridors. 
Because you've lost your home insurance, your health insurance, your business has come under attack. 
Mr George Allen, the head of our information service, said that a result of our second place in space, in sputnik in 1957, and I quote it, I think paraphrase it with precision. 
Oh, that's bullshit. 
In 1955, at a press conference, Mr Dulles said: "The treaty we have with the Republic of China excludes Quemoy and Matsu from the area covered by the treaty." 
But I think that's an indication of what I'd do. 
I'm Bernard Shaw from CNN, moderator. 
I was honored to be here. 
Votez maintenant. 
I think Ross is right and we need further restrictions on lobbyists. 
Now we have a choice here. 
And make sure that when they get out of college, there's a job. 
And then they had a picture in a certain newspaper. 
I decided to go myself. 
But we didn't have the kind of leadership we should have had. 
Same question for you, Secretary Clinton. 
He seems to want to spend a lot of money on almost every weapon system; he says he's against the new taxes, although he broke that commitment at least several times last year I know; he wants to give the richest taxpayers in this country a five-year tax cut of $40 billion. 
And I did what no presidential candidate ever did, I told you before the election what I would do. 
He fought for 100,000 cops on the street, and went with John McCain to Vietnam to find out what happened to our prisoners of war. 
And that's something I had a lot of scar tissue and experience on.I was a city councillor and mayor in Richmond. 
And so, we made a proposal. 
He defended strong foreign policy and strong national defence, and therefore produced Wilson, President Roosevelt, and President Truman. 
I gave you a simple answer. 
And it's hard. 
Let's talk about health insurance and rights. 
And yet, even though Ambassador Smith and Ambassador Gardner, the two Republican ambassadors, have both warned against Castro, the Marxist influences around Castro, the communist influences around Castro, both have testified over the last six weeks, that despite their warnings to the US government, nothing has been done. 
And I want to come back, if I can, to the question you have just asked, namely this constitutional amendment. 
A president has to manage this budget. 
It only awakens their appetite; and then the question comes, when do you stop them? 
I don't know who said that. 
That is why we will abandon the follow-up questions at this stage, but each candidate will always be able to answer the answers of the other. 
Is this not, in fact, our own state-supported terrorism? 
And I'm going to work together with Congress to say, okay, what -- what are the different ways we could reduce deductions, for example? 
No president had ever taken the tobacco lobby before. 
Secondly, if you were so opposed to the grain embargo, why did you ask the sponsor of the grain embargo to be one of your main foreign policy advisers? 
That's why we have so many cases. 
I believe that the best way to help our small businesses is not only through small business loans, which we have increased since I was President of the United States, but also through the unbundling of government contracts so that people can bid and receive a contract to help their business. 
We are now less than 285. 
But what happened was that this administration opposed the creation of a Commission on 11 September to know why and what we had to do. 
Thank you. 
And unfortunately, it is sometimes there that these stages d. t I also want to clarify, if there is any kind of suggestion of my answer that I would be anything but tolerant of adults in America choosing their partners, choosing relationships that they judge best for themselves, you know, I am tolerant and I have a very diverse family and group of friends and even within this group you would see some who might disagree with me on this issue, some very dear friends who disagree with me on this issue. 
Vice-President, I would like to return once again, if I may, to this area of relations with the Communists. 
5000 students -- why is a high school so large? 
This is what the governors end up doing. 
I'd like to know sir. 
And then took the phrase climate change off the website? 
Thank you, Vice-President Pence. Thank you, Vice President Pence. 
My campaign president, Secretary Jim Baker's wife. 
Israel is of course in danger when we deal with Ahmadinejad as Iran's leader. 
I know everything about poverty and everything about need and everything about caring for people, and that was my career in the United States Senate. 
Mitt Romney on this committee said it was not worth the taxpayer's money. 
The following question was asked by Mr Shadel: 
President- 
I'll be very proud to do it. 
From all these questions -- and tens of thousands of questions on-line -- I have selected a long list of excellent questions on domestic and foreign policy. 
With the right policies - prudent policies - we can have both. 
15 an hour now for about seven years. 
I believe in maintaining the strength of the American army. 
In Syria? 
And I think that when the average hour for many farmers' wages is about fifty cents an hour, it should do better. 
CLINTON: ... as he campaigned for me throughout the country, you are the most dangerous person to stand for the presidency in the modern history of America. 
Now he's talking about health insurance. 
And then I would say, you have a president who came to the presidency four years ago promising hope and change, who has now turned his campaign into an attack, blame and defamation. 
You're ready to do it. 
The average was about 18% in the first quarter of this year. 
The facts are after my plan, the richest of Americans pay more taxes than they do today. 
Their economy is therefore tainted by disorder. 
It'll create more jobs. 
Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, the Baltics are free. 
Absolument. 
On November 3, you look, and you see who won the election. 
It says something about character. 
People who work hard every day, pay taxes on wages, gas taxes, but don't earn enough income. 
And then we will fill other gaps by covering the parents of these children when the family is poor or up to two and a half times the poverty rate. 
In my energy independence program, we have increased, for example, solar energy research, from about $84 million per year to about $120 million per year. 
Huge investments are under way. 
I never liked that sentence, but if it were to be applied today, it would have to be applied to that statement. 
It seems to me on the question of verifiability, that you have problems with the extent of the frost. 
I am very convinced that the importance of 11 September cannot be underestimated. 
It's not 1950. 
This one's a little old. 
Show us. 
The Census Bureau... THE PRESIDENT: I think it's up to Senator Edwards. 
And, in fact, if it actually blows up and the wrong people take control, it will have an impact on the entire region potentially causing regional wars. 
Thank you. 
Mr. Kemp had a good idea when he advocated this years ago. 
That's too bad. 
You know, the best thing I ever had when I led this civilization, she did it, and it's a landmark. 
We had someone who, I'm sure, regrets saying it in the president's staff that he didn't care about making chips or computer chips. 
And I'll know them first hand, because I'll coordinate the drug effort. 
Is there a rule of equal time tonight? 
It's a good package, Mr. President. 
Let us take the example of the energy we have already talked about. 
There have been a number of studies, including studies by the Urban Institute and other non-political organizations, which say that the impact of fiscal and fiscal cuts and your economic policies have had a serious impact on certain categories of Americans. 
What caused it? 
We got the dresses. 
What was a program under this administration, and how it worked exactly I think we don't know exactly, where thousands of automatic and AK-47 weapons were - were given to people who eventually gave them - to the drug lords. 
In the meantime, there has been the problem of the Soviet counterfire - their high-performance aircraft which, they say, is not a long-range plane and which some of our people claim to be an intercontinental plane. 
They're making progress, they need to do more. 
And I believe that, although all promises have been broken, they have never been fulfilled. 
There are many, many other lawsuits are brought against the managed care industry because of this. 
Where I come from, in Scranton and Claymont, people don't live on the stock market. 
And they are innocent spectators here in what is the biggest financial crisis and the challenge of our time. 
You and Michael Dukakis seem to be diametrically opposed to that. 
We believe in hard love. 
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Did he call the stupid military bastards? 
Mr. Trewhitt, your question to President Reagan. 
Iraq was not even close to the centre of the war on terror until the president invaded it. 
I've never thought of such a thing. 
OBAMA: And so, part of the leadership and government is both saying what you are for, but also being willing to say no to certain things. 
Our church should not have to sue our federal government to maintain their religious freedoms. 
Governor. 
We are talking about drugs manufactured here in the United States of America that have American brands on them and American bottles. 
But what he said was that, even knowing that there were no weapons of mass destruction, even knowing that there was no imminent threat, even knowing that there was no connection with Al-Qaida, he would have done everything in the same way. 
And I suspect, from his file, that he's going to raise taxes. 
And that's what's going on. 
You'll be dismayed. 
BUSH: I think the primary responsibility of a president really lies with the national security of this country. 
And therefore, these mostly Hispanic young people are some of the best learners in Houston, Texas. 
I got rid of a despot who had killed Americans and as a result, despite this tragedy, you had tens of thousands of Libyans after the Benghazi events marching and saying that America is our friend. 
He and his friends invented it, and then they went with it. 
But fortunately there were others next to me who believed that we had to act. 
The president said, "We cannot allow countries to obtain nuclear weapons." 
MAY: Mr. Anderson, let me ask you what specific plans do you have for federal participation in saving cities from the physical and emotional crises they face, and how would you implement these plans, in addition to increasing the military pay, without going against your tax restriction commitment? 
COOPER: We want to look, in fact, at the issue of taxes. 
Other members of this council were the presidents of the University of Illinois, the president of Northwestern University, who happens to be a Republican, the president of The Chicago Tribune, a Republican-oriented newspaper. 
His democratic governors — Cuomo in New York, you look at what's happening in California, you look at Pennsylvania, North Carolina, the Democrats, the Democrats all — they're closed so tight, and they die. 
Qualifications. 
And he's a hero. 
It is a geopolitical enemy, and I said in the same paragraph I said, and Iran is the greatest threat to national security that we have to confront. 
I appreciate the jobs in the wind energy sector in Iowa and throughout the country. 
The candidate has two minutes to answer the moderator's question. 
And our army, we must strengthen our army in the long term. 
More Americans at work today than at any time in history, a higher percentage of the workforce. 
OBAMA: And some of the discounts, just to give you an example, we spend $15 billion a year in subsidies to insurance companies. 
It was there. 
They would like to know if you and Joe Biden are going to pack your bags in the Supreme Court if you don't get your way in this appointment. 
That's a good question. 
The net result is that we will have some improvement in our revenues. 
If you have time, go through Nexis and Lexis, pull out all the old news articles, look at what Ambassador Glaspie said throughout the fall and what you have, then look at what she and Kelly and all the others in State said in the end when they were trying to clean up. 
The chairmen of the committee draft the law, then they come out and get co-sponsored. 
I know how to play the system. Come on, come on, guys. 
Now Pakistan's new president, Kardari (sic), has his hands full. 
and go to war as a last resort. 
But it will not be dedicated by a federal bureaucracy in Washington, D.C. 
The swine flu arrived in the United States. 
I know things about the Vietnam War better than anyone in the world. 
And thank you to the Presidential Commission for undertaking this enormous task. 
Their currency fell by 80 percent. 
And I bet you Gromyko went back to the Soviet Union and said, "Hey, look, this president is shooting, we better move." 
Do people get a fair break, and the answer is that the rich pay 6 percent more on taxes and the poor get a better break. 
In the administration, as chairman of the President's Committee on Price Stability and Economic Growth, I have had the opportunity to make recommendations which have been adopted within the administration and which, in my view, have been reasonably effective. 
I have a plan to protect the environment so that we leave this place in better shape for our children than we received from our parents. 
We won't make any checks to anyone unless there's surveillance for the... the Secretary of the Treasury. 
You asked me a question. 
But we must instill values in these young people. 
Mr. Trump, this is Secretary Clinton's two minutes. 
BIDEN: First of all, thank you for doing this and for looking forward to it, Mr. President. 
Because they inspire them. 
What is at stake here is the President's application of his authority to understand what a president needs to know to lead this nation, to ensure our defence, and to make the decisions and judgments that are necessary. 
It has also provided more benefits. 
While I'm traveling around the country, it's the question that's going to break your heart over and over again. 
95 percent of our containers arriving in this country are not inspected today. 
I went to increase early childhood education and the notion that we should freeze that when there could be, for example, this health insurance subsidy, I think, doesn't make sense. 
And we fight it and we fight it hard. 
We no longer give an image of vitality. 
We are in an industrial recession, because of that. 
We have made significant progress in addressing a major nuclear proliferation problem. 
But having said that, I think -- well, first of all, let me say that the governor and I agree on some things on this subject. 
I think there's enough extravagance and fat in the government. 
He came to ask for a tax reduction -- we wanted a tax reduction to get the economy going. 
And they buy them. 
Why hasn't she changed? 
I think it is correct to say that - that the - that the committees to which you refer with - the employment you say, and with the growth rate of 5 to 5 and a half per cent in our economy, that the projections would be one, uh - an increase of $60 billion in the amount we should spend in 981 over now. 
I made a good selection. 
Two minutes, without interruption. 
And first, he was going to dig a racetrack and turn it in the racetrack so that it would meet the requirements of the SALT II Treaty, and now he decided that he would have a straight thing at the top and bottom, so that he could both verifiable and yet hidden from the Soviet Union. 
Because he's pushing. 
So I proposed a specific deficit reduction plan of $4 trillion. 
It's Falwell. 
Every president since Nixon said what you two... MCCAIN: Climate change. 
I never supported John McCain's war strategy. 
Mueller and 18 angry Democrats, and FBI agents spent $48 million. 
First, to strengthen our security and procedures, not only in Libya, but in all embassies and consulates in the region. 
I hope they think it's good that democracy and freedom are on the move. 
I agree with what I think is the main premise of your question, Sir, that we will have to create a new conservation ethic in the minds of the American people. 
Because the economy was about to collapse, because we were about to go through the worst recession since the Great Depression, because of some of the policies Governor Romney is now promoting. 
I think we have to answer, if I can. 
It's not just that, it's the biggest tax turning point in American history. 
Everyone says it'll create jobs. 
What is your position on the whole concept of preventive war? 
When I was a grown-up in Los Angeles, my parents were one family that worked, only one breadwinner per family was all that was needed. 
And I don't think that should be part of the political dialogue. 
Martha ? 
It's an administration that gave you the big tax cut. 
Thank you very much, gentlemen. 
I told you I'd cut taxes for small businesses, and I did. 
I think it's Admiral Stockdale's turn to go first. 
Governor Romney ruled out income. 
I want to ask you... 
Are you suggesting, sir, that President Reagan is one of the causes of the drug problem in this country? 
There is no doubt that many Americans have lost their faith in the government. 
I want to lead a unified country. 
And I give credit to two mayors, two chiefs of police, because it worked. 
I think it's fundamental in our country, that you know what you're embarking on. 
This will not be done within the framework of a law, but I think you have to appeal whenever you can to eliminate racial divisions and discrimination. 
Now I have a plan with this new welfare reform bill to work with the private sector, to give employees specific tax incentives to hire people out of social assistance, and to do other things that will create more jobs in the private sector, at least a million, and move more people from social assistance to work. 
So there are many, many heroes in this country today. 
The record does not prove that such legislation or action by a municipal council is effective. 
You can't -- but you can't have the president just expose a whole series of things without giving me a chance to answer. 
But it is good for America to improve energy efficiency. 
And the child's lie was very hurtful. 
We help young people, we help them. 
That they did everything that could be wrong. 
He outlined his plan for success in Iraq and made it clear that we were determined to succeed in Iraq. 
Governor Romney has taken a different approach throughout this campaign. 
And you announced, in advance, that the conclusion of an agreement with the Soviets is the most important thing in the world for you. 
Other rules: Candidates are not allowed to bring prepared notes to the podium, but are allowed to make notes during the debate. 
But he should apologize for wanting to take more and more. 
And would it not have been wiser for you not to say anything and keep the Russians in the dark as President Ford did, and as I think every president has since - since President Truman? 
Some time ago, Mr. Mondale spoke about education and students and help of this kind. 
There is no way for the presidency. 
The vice president has a long résumé. 
And the result was unilateral disarmament. 
We use something called Race to the Top. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I said a few minutes ago, Peter, that you could improve the lives of families and young people and save money at the same time. 
PENCE: He said he was going to repeal the Trump tax cuts – 
Yes, we must succeed, and I have a better plan to help us do it. 
Why do I support the freeze? 
He called them under duress and bribes. 
And recently, the Federal Trade Commission pointed out that some of these entertainment companies have warned parents that the material is inappropriate for the children, and then they turned around behind the parents' backs and announced the same adult material directly to the children. 
(APPLAUUSE) The next question is addressed to President Bush for a 2-minute answer, and it will be asked by Sandy Vanocur. 
That's what he said the other day, and that's just not the case. 
And I believe that the answer to the agricultural economy is not to involve the government more, but to do what I propose. 
I am a strong supporter of the second amendment. 
Let me talk about... 
It's kind of their old gold, you know. 
We won't leave alone like the president did. 
And I have already said it and we have to say it again: that means that there will be no more protections, if they win, for people with pre-existing conditions. 
Lower crime rate for eight years in a row. 
Energy is critical, and the President rightly pointed out that oil and gas production in the United States is on the rise. 
We'll do it. 
Since the assassination of our best leaders in the 1960s, since the Vietnam War, from Watergate, and because we need a reform of campaign financing. 
The president made the decision, the coup was abolished, democracy continued in the Philippines, the situation ended. 
The question for you is, why is it not class war and the same question for you, Governor Palin, is that you have proposed to impose the employer's health benefits that, according to some studies, would actually throw another five million people on the roles of the non-insured. 
He's three years old in this administration. 
It is time for government, industry, labour, manufacturing, agriculture, education and other entities of our society to cooperate. 
Vice President Cheney? 
A year ago, he said, "I was right. 
[Laughter] He was against fighter F - 14, he was against tank M - 1, he was against bomber B - 1, he wanted to cut the wages of all the soldiers, he wanted to bring half of the American forces back to Europe. 
And if you look at the conviction in this country, African-Americans and Latinos are convicted of the same crimes at very different rates. 
We were told everything was wrong. 
Well, that's it. 
When Mr. Kemp started talking about the gold rule, I thought he was gonna talk about the gold standard again. 
I will bring them home with victory and honour and it is a fundamental difference. 
And we can do it. 
Why not? 
I would like a balanced budget amendment. 
And yet, last year, we gave them less than 5% of all the technical assistance funds we distributed around the world. 
I do not agree with the philosophy of tax and expenditure. 
We're going back to Washington and we're having a hard time going through Congress. 
Anything that would preserve, or help us use less energy, would be good, and that's why I am. 
This is an essential commitment. 
Mrs Ferraro, you have little or no experience in military matters and you may find yourself one day commander-in-chief of the armed forces. 
My feeling, quite frankly, is that I have enough experience to see the problems, solve them and make the difficult decisions and the level with people about these problems. 
That's why I support instant background checks at gun exposures. 
We now have a stronger border than we have ever had. 
I didn't think he necessarily made the right decision to remove the ground troops from the table just before we committed ourselves offensively, but nevertheless, it worked. 
I have made this clear throughout my presidency. 
So I think we need to change the nature of politics. 
CLINTON: I would like to thank the people of Saint Louis University and Washington, the Presidential Debate Commission and all those who made it possible this night. 
And I'd find a game plan to deal with it. 
It's nothing more than a tax platform. 
But I also promised to fight every day on behalf of the American people, the middle class and all those who were trying to enter the middle class. 
We must have health care for all Americans. 
They promised that they would put $2,000 billion of the surplus outside of social security. 
The president said that many of these things could clean up the economy and cost millions of jobs. 
He didn't say to sit with Ahmadinejad. 
OBAMA: ... in order to give -- in order to grant additional tax reductions to Joe the plumber before he is at the point where he could earn $250,000. 
BUSH: (Inaudible). 
I can talk reasonably about life and responsibility. 
And Gov. 
It seems to me that we should support the California civil rights initiative. 
Moreover, you have had great criticism of your fellow governors who would not be political cowards. 
You can't be a superpower unless you're an economic superpower. 
We didn't cut Medicare. 
And if I'm vice-president of the United States or Donald Trump is president, we're going to put the safety and security of the American people first. 
We are going — we are going — we are going — we are going... KAINE: You are not going to cut taxes. 
And the way to do it is first to recruit more teachers. 
Syria is Iran's only ally in the Arab world. 
Who's cutting the $1,000 billion? 
That's what I mean. 
Let's move on to Afghanistan. 
They paid home, cheques that decreased, and we gave optimism. 
While you were in private practice in law and as a senator, you had the advantage of a special tax loophole, the S-subchapter corporation, that you created in order to avoid paying $600,000 in health insurance taxes that would have been paid into the fund. 
And indeed, the way he talks about his tax cuts would eventually increase taxes on middle class families, millions of middle class s. w, that's what I want to do. 
- Mr. Governor, if you want to... 
BRUNO: Again, I'm going to ask the public: please don't applaud, it takes some time from the candidates. 
And if a few other people had gone to the polls and voted in 1968, Hubert Humphrey would have been president; Richard Nixon would not have done so. 
What bothers people is not so much your qualifications, but your sharing of politics with Gov. 
Would you like to impose new locks for businesses and schools in hotspots? 
Eleven other presidents -- six democrats and five republicans -- have experienced wars, recessions, great difficulties; none of them have lost jobs as this president has done. 
There may be times when we use our troops as peacekeepers, but not often. 
Now I think you can take this position and not be pro-abortion, but you have to give people their constitutional rights. 
BIDEN: I would tell him the same thing to my son who served a year in Iraq, that we have only a truly sacred obligation as a government. 
We have no choice. 
It's up 1.3 percent. 
And now we are putting in place a defence of our own. 
If I do it wrong, they're probably gonna blame him, but they're gonna blame me. 
Even if you don't know if that is the case, do you condemn Russia's interference in the American elections? 
CLINTON: And in fact — well, that was very interesting. 
Soyons clairs. 
I said, look at Ukraine. 
Then we find out he organized demonstrations. 
You wouldn't have made fans. 
HARRIS: – It's asking people too much that they are not equipped with the information they need to help protect their parents and children. 
The campaign was very hard. 
I'm not going to, because I think all of you -- or not all of you, those people who are in these pockets of poverty and who haven't caught up, they couldn't answer as I wish -- but I think most of the people in this country would say, yes, they're better than they were four years ago. 
Moreover, the fact that the special prosecutor, on his own initiation, and the prosecutor general on his initiation, the most senior law enforcement officer in that country, all gave me good health. 
It doesn't make me popular with the teachers' union. 
That's why I've created drug courts that have never been funded by Republican friends. 
We have had a record number of new small businesses and 10 and a half million jobs. 
And now we're fighting them now. 
This will cost a minimum of $4 billion a year more, a maximum of $4 billion and nine tenths of a year more than we currently spend. 
Senator Kerry has changed his mind about the opportunity to vote to allow the Speaker to go to war. 
I get it. 
And you don't have to ask for the ballot. 
MCCain: Well, that's the civil rights issue of the 21st century. 
I think Congress should have added another $10 billion reduction in personal income tax, including an increase in personal exemptions from seven hundred and fifty to one thousand dollars. 
The reason I did it was because I was worried that the judges activists actually define the definition of marriage, and the safest way to protect marriage between a man and a woman is to amend the Constitution. 
When Walter Mondale was Attorney General of Minnesota, he led the fight for a man who could not afford justice because he could not afford a lawyer; when he was in the Senate, he fought for child nutrition programs, wrote the Fair Housing Act, even investigated the concerns and abuses of migrant workers. 
But not because of his policies. 
People in Youngstown, Ohio, have shops that have gone up because the economy is not doing well. 
I think America is less secure. 
(Inaudible) That's right. 
First, he says he is in favour of reform of medical responsibility, especially for OB/GYNs. 
Iran's acquisition of a nuclear weapon would be very, very destabilizing. 
My faith informs me about how to care for vulnerable people, how to make sure that people have a chance in life. 
And that's why I supported capacity building. 
We've committed $200 million in aid. 
I now suggest that our number one concern is red ink and our country and we must put our people back to work so that we can afford to do those things we want to do in Russia. 
And you can only respect the fact that they're ready to talk about the fact that they have a gay daughter, the fact that they kiss her. 
Oh, la transition. 
Al Gore and I... I'm leaving. 
John McCain voted the same way. 
We have come, gentlemen, to our last question. 
It was the slowest recovery. 
Yeah, it'll create bubble jobs. 
It must be economic, technological and, above all, ideological. 
But what happened was we shut it down and now we're reopening and doing record business. 
That is not the right answer for America. 
Manufacturing went into a hole... 
His opponent, Kostunica, won the election. 
Ireland countries 11 percent. 
CLINTON: ...unable, and he proves it every time he speaks. 
It is not true that he was not dishonored. 
It was perfectly legal. 
And I think we need to have a surge of intelligence, where we're looking for every piece of information. 
We are preparing to limit one. 
I've never heard Governor Clinton make a mistake. 
And I must tell you, Governor Romney, when it comes to his own party during this campaign, has not shown this willingness to say no to some of the most extreme parts of his party. 
Since I proposed this format, I hope it's good for all of you. 
I traveled to forty-eight of the fifty states and in my travels I learned what the people of the United States are thinking. 
In the second debate, I proposed, since both sides want the business areas and we can't get together, I said I'll take a few days off to go to Washington and hold hands with you and we'll do it. 
We believe that we can achieve savings in our defence budget and, at the same time, improve our national security. 
We want to work with the Russians. 
I know he had no involvement in the automotive industry. 
MITCHELL: Governor, you said tonight that you set as your goal the regular reduction of the deficit. 
You don't have a handgun, you don't have a gun, you don't have a gun, you have a zipline. 
The 11 September Commission said so. 
I'll pay off the national debt. 
It's Barbara. 
While the Secretary of State is in one country, there are almost one hundred and fifty others who wonder what we will do next, which will be the next secret agreement. 
I think when you know something's wrong, you're right. 
It doesn't strengthen us. 
It is the obligation of our generation. 
I know what it's like to be in the hospital. 
Now we're going to the closing statement. 
We don't wipe it. 
We made the solvent of the system until 2033. 
But this president did not even hold the kind of summits of statesmen who bring people together and make them invest in these states. 
I'm not asking people if they're Republicans or Democrats. 
I mean all the kids. 
And it seemed that when the music stopped, the big guy shook the little guy from that last chair. 
That's an advantage. 
And Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent increase over Obama. 
I participated in the discussions that led to decision-making within this administration. 
And when people vote, I think you're going to see a very strong verdict by the American people that they favour the approach I'm talking about. 
When we talk about child care, and the money we provide. 
I don't know what's worse, not knowing or knowing and not stopping him. 
They know how many people there are, when they retire, we know when the baby boom generation arrives, how long they will live after that, it will lead the system to bankruptcy, unless we reform and deal with it. 
I hope that's not the case. 
The warning signs are real. 
The second thing is that we invest in our workforce, from pre-K education to great teachers, college with no debt and no tuition fees for families who earn less than $125,000 a r. d, we promote equity by increasing the minimum wage, so you can't work full-time and be below the level of poverty, and by paying women equal pay for equal k. h, we promote the growth of small businesses, as we did in Virginia, to facilitate the start-up and growth of small businesses. 
The typical cost to you and me is $125,000. 
Al Gore and I are determined to bridge this gap and achieve this equality. 
And there's a long list of things. 
We will return to what we had under Mr. Truman when he had political control of the Federal Reserve Council. 
Since the first day of my campaign, I have therefore called for criminal justice reform. 
And I'd like to thank those of you watching. 
Finally, with regard to the whole problem of the fight against the recession, as you call it, we must use all the government's resources in this regard: first, we must ensure that the credit is expanded as we enter a period of recession - and I understand, I do not believe that we are entering a recession. 
I love depreciation. 
He even said, well, you know, if there was a nuclear war in East Asia, well, you know, it's good... TRUMP: Wrong. 
Don't worry. 
-- -- -- -- and the people of the Soviet Union want it to cease. 
Well, as a moderator, sir, I'm gonna make a trial appeal here. 
Please let Mr. Trump speak. 
Mr. President, it's good to be back with you tonight, sir. 
That's why we had 24 retired generals and admirals, hundreds of business people, including many Republicans, support this campaign. 
- It's okay. 
Hello. 
And I just had to work in there. 
He never keeps his word. 
I do not believe that this administration has implemented the bills that represent the will of the majority of Congress twice with vigour. 
As a result, the central direction of Al-Qaeda was decimated. 
TRUMP: I'll give you an example. 
So I have an idea of the problems people face. 
I'm getting rid of the interest provision. 
We're one of the first states that said you can sue an HMO for refusing you adequate coverage. 
But he fell from -- from any point of view. 
Let me make sure the elders hear me loud and clear. 
I think we'll be better off if we protect this environment. 
BIDEN: Simply not true. 
They were good judges. 
I'm focused on results. 
We did. 
That we are a nation under God. 
BUSH: Well, how about this for a government reform policy? 
There's nothing wrong with that. 
It's gonna change when I'm president of the United States. 
You need to provide these companies with the ability to have the money to be able to reopen with the PPE, as well as with the sanitation they need. 
The governor's wife was very active in the homeless. 
But I have a difference with that president. 
For three days, Portland did nothing. 
It's absolutely proven over and over again. 
He also wants to continue the Bush tax cuts for the richest Americans. 
John McCain said there'd be enough oil to pay for it. 
Similarly, in Central America: what we are doing in Nicaragua with this secret war - which Congress, including many Republicans, have tried to stop - finally ends with a public definition of American power that hurts us, where we join the political assassins and the rest. 
We've lived a lot together as a country -- a recession, corporate scandals, war. 
Yes, thank you. 
You look at Haiti, where we spend about $3 billion and we received an alarm call about two weeks ago. 
The second part is to maintain and improve relations with our friends in the south. 
That's $7,000 billion. 
And Colin Powell said so. 
La force. 
And there's nothing we can't do. 
I can't tell when this can happen. 
So I think it would be a good thing for America if it were. 
We had four different sanctions, the UN on Iran, three of the Bush administration, one here. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Dole, one minute. 
But suppose we found this? 
[Applaudissements] 
Could you identify for us three specific programmes that you are willing to reduce to reduce this deficit? 
That is why I am proud and grateful to be a citizen of this country. 
But you'll learn more about Donald Trump by going to the federal election, where I filed a 104-page financial statement essentially, the forms they have. 
(Laughter) CLINTON: Let me tell you first of all that I believe so strongly in the question you asked that I suggested this format tonight. 
Mr. Mondale, I'm gonna hang in there. 
FORD: The United States must maintain full access to the Panama Canal. 
And it is the first president in 72 years to preside over an economy in America that has lost jobs, 1. 6 million jobs. 
You see the turmoil in Poland today. 
How much? 
President Obama, he was lucky. 
Yes, of course, this is an important debate to have in this campaign, but I do not want the army to feel uncomfortable or the American people to feel uncomfortable. 
How to get anything when you have all these political action committees, all these thousands of registered lobbyists -- 40,000 registered lobbyists, 23,000 special interest groups -- and the list continues. 
Winds of freedom blow around the world, demilitarizing Russia. 
Yes, allow me to answer that. 
Because we need to make sure our economy is strong at home so that we can project military power abroad. 
Mr Bush said very convincing things tonight that are not quite clear with the record. 
They move very quickly because they know it is a fast growing global market. 
Mr. WARNER: Mr. Governor, I will forward the question that I originally intended to ask you, in response to your rebuttal to a question posed by Andrea, which concerns social security. 
Now let's expand it so that more people can succeed as parents and in the workforce. 
One minute for Vice President Bush. 
MCCain: Obviously, this law has waived the statute of limitations, which you could have taken back 20 or 30 years. 
Our next segment is called "Securing America". 
I certainly hope that it does not regenerate this type of capability, but if it were, if in fact Saddam Hussein were to take steps to try to rebuild nuclear capability or weapons of mass destruction, military action should be seriously considered to put an end to this activity. 
What I'm doing is the same way Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan worked together a few years ago. 
We open our country. 
They awarded about $200 million, but only spent about $3 million to start it. 
BUSH: Well, social security -- you're an expert and I could, I'm sure, learn from you the details of the Pension Guarantee Fund and the Social Security Fund. 
We can lead NATO if we are ready to take a firm stand. 
Please, 20 seconds. 
And following our great victory of the Second World War, we gave the Marshall Plan, President Truman did. 
He's talking about these big trade agreements. 
Senator Obama voted against Justice Breyer and Justice Roberts on the grounds that they did not respect his ideological norms. 
Mr Vice-President, there is no link between the attacks of 11 September and Saddam Hussein. 
And I don't know what he said recently, if there's anything, to the Iranians. 
Find out how to handle this. - What's he doing? 
Therefore, I think we should make clear the disagreement between Mr Nixon and myself. 
You know, of the four that are on this post, I'm the only one on whom was born and raised on a farm and still involved in agriculture, so I think I understand their concerns and problems. 
It's the first part. 
But the last point I want to raise is this. 
I care a lot, and I spent countless hours at school. 
Value-added processing is important. 
Governor Romney, you won the pitch and you chose to go last, so you have two minutes to close, Mr. President. 
I don't think we have to. 
You want the Affordable Care Act repealed. 
That is, I want to lower the rates. 
And, of course, Iran on the way to a nuclear weapon, we have real (inaudible). 
Margaret Warner for the vice president. 
PENCE: I have to weigh in – 
A few months later, he said he wanted to cut the defence budget by eight or nine billion dollars. 
You know, under my leadership, what we've done is reform education, work with governors, 46 states. 
QUAYLE: We offered incentives to small businesses. 
And what did he do then? 
I think more than anything else is a victory for the Serbian people. 
It's an amazing y.t. on occasion, four times, we used some laws that are there. 
And what we said was to change those certifications. 
BUSH: I think it's important, since he's been talking about the Medicare plan, has he been in the U.S. Senate for 20 years? 
And now I'd like to add a personal note if I can. 
And the people of Pennsylvania will show you that. 
I'm not elected for three years. 
Joe, you had 308,000 soldiers dying because you couldn't provide them with proper health care in the army. 
I worked with Connie Mack on foreign policy. 
If you like your health care plan, you can keep it. 
We have had a number of fragmented efforts by members of Congress and private citizens. 
I think -- I think they moved that sign, "The dollar stops here" from the Oval office to "The dollar stops here" in Lincoln's room. 
and humiliating them is not the way you make the kind of progress we get. 
They taught me it was the largest country in the world. 
Jim, under my plan, all seniors will receive prescription drugs on Medicare. 
And which of those I listed - it's, uh - balanced budgets, school bus, school prayer, abortion, gun control - which of those would you really work hard to support if you were president? 
So this is one of my top priorities. 
And let me begin by saying that our nation must now speak with one voice during this period, and I congratulate the President for working hard to spread tensions. 
We are therefore changing the way we have more transparency when that happens. 
And by the way... 
Mr. CROWLEY: Mr. President, we have very little time for a quick discussion here. 
I know what strong political leadership is. 
I think that's one of the things Mr Bush said about Mr Reagan in 1980. 
If we had listened to them, we would never have had a treaty. 
I think it is a great country, because we have always wanted to do better, to make our country better, to improve our lives. 
And instead of retreating -- instead of being strong where we should be strong, he wants to make it strong and intervene on the most private and personal issues in American life. 
I'm going to remind mothers and fathers that the best weapon is the off/on button, and paying attention to your children, eating with them and being -- I'm sorry. 
Senator McCain is also right to say that it is difficult. 
We are not dependent on the Middle East. 
So I think our selection of Bob Dole as Vice President is based on merit. 
The only rule that prevails is that no answer can ever exceed two minutes. 
But -- but Mr. President, you say that for the work to be done, it must be balanced. 
You see, that's what we get in this administration -- speeches -- but we don't get leadership. 
There are funds for 3,000 new schools created by teachers and parents, sometimes by business people, called charter schools that have no rules, they are free of bureaucracy and can only remain in existence if they execute and teach children. 
And I - and I agree with Secretary Arne Duncan, it is - some ideas that he has put forward on Race to the Top, not all of them, but some of them with which I agree and - and congratulates him on continuing this. 
But we can do them all at the same time. 
And that's what they are. 
He said he did the right thing, so he knew it wouldn't work at the time. 
It is the most difficult work on Earth, and you must master the facts and insist that the things that must be done be done. 
And he drew his line. 
If you like your high bonuses, you keep them. 
They want these young people to have a chance to get a job and the rest. 
I will restore the vitality that makes America work again. 
But if anyone wanted to be a cardiologist, in ten years' time, you would have to be sure that you respected some of the rules of this extreme medical plan that the government was going to take over for all Americans. 
The underprivileged will go out in the back alley as they did before. 
First of all, let me say that it is not for a government-run health care system? 
I want more business, and I know there are good things in this deal. 
We need both. 
A question for the vice president, Ann? 
Let me say it this way - I have no question, but we are so different from - the Reagan-Bush administration is so different from the Carter-Mondale [sic] administration that the American people will have the clearest choice. 
I think the American people will draw their own conclusions. 
I'm looking forward to it. 
And it is because of my conviction that if America is going to have the growth that it talks about and that we want to do, the thing to do is not to discourage individual enterprise, not to discourage people from going out and discovering more oil and minerals, but to encourage them. 
And in fact, the system currently being discussed by the administration is very different from the one originally proposed in 1983. 
They didn't find any evidence of connism. 
Donald, she has a name. 
If we can't love each other, we should get along. 
I've been -- but I'm going to tell you that I think he wasn't frank with the American people. 
Strong relations in Europe are in the interest of our nation. 
We're asking people watching tonight, are you better than you were four years ago. 
And I don't think anyone has a call for people in their administration to go astray. 
He voted against the Ministry of Education. 
Mr. Perot, you have a minute. 
He twisted his arms and got six democrats to vote in the other direction, but we lost by a vote. 
A new question relates to this. 
Time's up. 
It's probably five trillion dollars we can't bring to our country, Lester. 
You were asked in the first debate what new weapons systems would cut you off. 
Yes, we make a conversion and we can go into civilian space rather than have a defence -- or the defence industry. 
My friend Al Gore says it's better than the Reagan years. 
He rushed into war without a plan to win peace. 
We have no energy policy. 
I also think that we should continue to have a good law on adoption as an alternative to abortion. 
Mr. MASHEK: Mr. President, last month you came to St. Louis to announce a very lucrative contract for McDonnell Douglas to build F-15s for Saudi Arabia. 
It's not a matter of diplomacy or business with me. 
OMAMA: Just -- just -- just a quick follow-up, because I think -- I think it's important. 
DREW: But unless you're willing to do things like reduce the detailed deductions for charitable contributions or home mortgage payments, or interest, or taxes, or capital gains, you can't really generate sufficient income to provide an overall tax reduction of any size. 
PENCE: ...where people can enter this country. 
Let's start this way. 
But go back to Libya -- because it's an example of how we make choices. 
So what I'm trying to do is tell the American people and the world the truth. 
You create connections between the community and the police, create bonds of understanding, and when people feel comfortable in their communities, this gap between the police and the communities they serve narrows. 
It is a lonely job, but with the involvement of the American people in the process, with an open government, the work is very rewarding. 
And you live very well. 
I understand that there are great differences on this issue of abortion, but I believe that reasonable people can come together and put in place a good law that will help reduce the number of abortions. 
They must not develop nuclear capacity. 
And, of course, a stricter interpretation and consolidation of the various regulatory agencies that were not doing their job, it caused this crisis. 
There are two things I will highlight in this debate: first, Bill Clinton's economic plan and agenda will do a lot, much worse -- it will increase your taxes, it will increase spending, it will make the government bigger, jobs will be lost; second, Bill Clinton has neither the strength nor the character of being President of the United States. 
If the President's energy policies work, you will see the cost of energy decrease. 
The best men and women in uniform you'll find anywhere in the world, but they deserve our support. 
All right, gentlemen, now we're going to the Trump and Biden records. 
President Bush derided John Kerry for putting a lawyer at trial on the ticket. 
If you have friends and relatives serving in the U.S. Army, you know there's a problem. 
So what they do is that they leave our country, and they believe it or not, because taxes are too high and because some of them have a lot of money outside our country. 
They obviously didn't. 
Let us recall that they disavowed their own statement that they had made earlier in the day in Cairo. 
That is why we brought more cases against China for breach of trade rules than the other - the previous administration did in two terms. 
We have a deregulated economy and we have produced low taxes, not high taxes, through deregulation - entrepreneurship, the individual who comes out and starts a business, the businessman or women who want to go out and risk their investments to start a business and hire people. 
That wasn't the case. 
They'd set up a base in Iraq. 
We have done a lot of work together over the past three and a half years. 
I get along very well with the governor. 
He won't tell us. 
QUAYLE: Over the last six months, I think there are three very important books I've read that have had an impact. 
And positive action is a very positive way of dealing with the problems of discrimination. 
How can you lead if you are still seeking consensus before you act? 
Let's say it's not democratic or republican, and it's not liberal or conservative. 
Among other things, everyone in the public is required to wear a face mask and the candidates will be seated 12 feet apart. 
There aren't any. 
Mr. Trump, you have two minutes and the same question. 
But Fannie and Freddie were the catalysts, the game that triggered this forest fire. 
Let's talk about military spending, and that's it. 
But what I believe in the end is that women, in consultation with their families, their doctors, their religious counselors, are in the best position to make this decision. 
GORE: And I would particularly like to know if Governor Bush will support the Dingle-Norwood bill, which is the main outstanding bill. 
But if you look at where we are from the point of view of the nation, recent reviews. 
I know. 
And about 900,000 small businesses will be affected if you actually do what they want to do with the high-end. 
The audience behind me has promised to be silent, except at this moment when we welcome Barack Obama and John McCain. 
That's right. 
There are all or this area there are whole blocks of earth that are left naked, just bulldozed flat. 
Mr. WOODRUFF: Senator. 
I am proud that America is stronger, more prosperous and more secure than four years ago. 
I will grant you that interest rates were too high in 1980, and we may have another debate on why -- 
We are providing help to this young woman. 
We export more coal this year than any year of history. 
In my speech last night, I indicated that I thought that one day Cuba would be free. 
Is this the discipline of a good leader? 
Mr. Eisenhower and Mr. Nixon are not responsible for such a decline? 
It must fully fund the McKinney Act. 
I think they are asking for new and creative ways of trying to do this with everyone involved. 
The idea that we could borrow $831 billion, spend it on all these special interest groups, and that it would work very well, that unemployment would never reach 8 percent -- it increased by more than 8 percent for 43 months. 
We have -- our army, morale is high. 
Otherwise, with a steady rate of economic growth - and Mr. Nixon and Mr. Rockefeller, at their meeting, said that an economic growth of 5% would bring by 1962 an additional $10 billion in tax revenues. 
Now we have to create these jobs, now that we demand that people go to work. 
GORE: When action in Kosovo was taking place and we were looking for a solution to the problem, our country had defeated the opponent on the battlefield without a single American life being lost in battle. 
This question is for you. 
All right, let's turn now to a few questions about foreign and national security policy. 
But part of it seems to have melted. 
Before you even announced it. 
He didn't, and then he doubled. 
When I become President of the United States, we will use the National Guard and all the sources we need to stop some of the drugs coming to America. 
Now, too, as far as the California figures are concerned. 
And I think I have my strength and I think the best thing to do for Bob Dole is that Bob Dole keeps his word. 
Could you define in specific goals in dollars how much you will reduce the deficit in each of the four years of a Clinton administration and then conclude a legally binding contract with the American people, that if you have not achieved these goals you would not be looking for a second term? 
(Laughter) And so our America 2000 program says that too. 
But when he used the word "truth" again... 
We must reduce our deficit, but we must do so in a balanced manner. 
Admiral Mullen suggests that Senator Obama's plan is dangerous for America. 
At the beginning of each segment, I will ask the same question to both candidates, and they will each have up to two minutes to answer them. 
And the confidence that these countries recovered from the wounds of war by having troops there. 
We told the American people what to do and the American people made the sacrifices. 
People -- high school graduates aged 18-24 10 years ago were doing more than they do now. 
President Ford, your answer. 
And when she said deplorable things, she meant it. 
And she'll be asked by Helen. 
And that's another of those cases where there's such a dramatic contrast. 
I don't think you can start negotiating until you start talking. 
Now I wonder what specific plans do you have for federal participation to save our cities from these physical and emotional plans! 
And in the meantime, he voted 23 times against alternative fuels, 23 times. 
It's part of a global review. 
This is what he said, senator. 
They watch what we do, what we say, what we promise and what we deliver. 
And he stands here and says that politicians making promises like that should be ignored. 
Let me tell you what the facts are. 
Today, the greenhouse effect is an important environmental issue. 
In San Diego, where we had a few defence cuts, we funded a project for the University of California San Diego to use composite aircraft materials to build lighter and stronger bridges, a small project in a program that Senator Dole opposed. 
EDWARDS: The American people want in their president and vice-president essentially three things: they want to know that their president and vice-president will keep them safe. 
And you're going to increase the defense budget. 
Their policies so far, I believe, are quite healthy. 
Yes, I want to answer. 
It also means that it removes pressure from the border. 
I think they treated him like a proverb, how far would we go, how far would we go? 
If you look at it, all over the country, there are many places where it is allowed. 
Speaking of limits, do I have to impose a limit on you, Vice President Bush? 
President Trump, thank you. 
And this country can't take another four years from Barack Obama, and that's what you get with it. 
I would like to ask each of you to support your assertions -- Mr. Mondale first. 
For the future, Mr President, the country has the right to know, do you have a policy to deal with terrorism wherever it occurs, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that could lead us to do things differently if it, or something similar, happens again? 
PENCE: Yes, and so on — but first, you know, make sure that we put the safety and security of the American people first instead of Hillary Clinton expanding the Syrian refugee program... KAINE: Or instead of violating the Constitution by blocking people according to their national origin rather than if they are dangerous. 
And, by the way, they're talking about this Great Recession if it falls from heaven, like, "Oh, my God, where does it come from?" 
Other places, no. 
He was the maverick. 
Is it time for us to divorce Pakistan? 
I'm afraid I didn't speak well when I said a CIA chief in Nicaragua. 
Let us continue the debate and move on to foreign hot spots. 
Ross gave a good answer, but I have to respond directly to Mr. Bush. 
That was the question. 
Now I want to lean on this. 
This will be a vital issue for my second term. 
Let me calm things down here just for a minute. 
I made it clear, as a spokesman for the administration when I went to China, that they said, "Why are you moving your missile defence so close? 
We have the lowest combined rate of inflation and unemployment in 30 years. 
It's so bad. 
That's what we are. 
It's not just more troops. 
He's putting on a hair trigger, and it's a dangerous and destabilizing weapon. 
And so, just kids were being shaken through the school. 
What I was interested in was that we could work together. 
Governor Carter, your answer, please. 
Absolutely. Do I support the provision of same-sex benefits? 
While we were still dealing with our threatened diplomats, Governor Romney issued a press release, trying to make political observations, and that's not how a commander-in-chief operates. 
And I still believe, under the right direction, that our best days are waiting for us. 
And I don't intend to politicize her. 
TRUMP: Because there's never been an administration or a president who's done more than I've done in three and a half years. 
PENCE: Well, thank you, Elaine, and thank you for a great discussion... KAINE: Absolutely. 
And certainty can sometimes cause you trouble. 
Debt and deficit. 
You know, the American people are right. 
Do you want to contain them within their current borders and perhaps try to restore relaxation -- or what goes for relaxation -- or do you really want to push back their empire? 
We should be able to build a more common understanding between those who describe themselves as pro-choice and pro-life in efforts to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies. 
Mais ce sera... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA : ... juste une seconde. 
Why did Senator Kennedy take that position then? 
COOPER: You said you wanted to end Obamacare... TRUMP: By the way... COOPER: You said you wanted to end Obamacare. 
If you don't have a good record to run, paint your opponent like someone people should run away from. 
And we have people of all political persuasion in there, too, so I grew up just knowing that, you know, at the end of the day, as long as we all work together for the greatest good, it's gonna be okay. 
And I want to tell you that one of the things I'm most proud of, among other things, because I worked through the driveway. 
It is not true that all this goes in a way to tax reductions. 
In particular, we will be talking about health care in a moment. 
I would like you to respond to the President's climate change assessment, but I would also like to ask you a question about a concern. 
Joe Biden will be a president who will bring our country together. 
But there are a lot of refugees, women and children - think of this image that we all saw of this 4-year-old boy with blood on his forehead because he had been bombed by Russian and Syrian air forces. 
That's right. 
I proposed one to Congress two years ago, encourages conservation, encourages technology to explore environmentally friendly ways for coal -- using coal and gas. 
They have an obligation to defend themselves. 
We gave them important loans, access to our best technology, and if the Senate had not interfered with the Jackson Amendment, perhaps you would have given them even larger loans. 
And I'm very, very looking forward to it. 
They're closing. 
That's where the government shouldn't be. 
I thought I answered that by saying that it would be on the basis of merit. 
In fact, the vast majority of scientists in the world -- and they've done a lot of work -- believe that we need to make efforts to deal with the problems we face with the environment. 
Tax reform is relevant for both older people and young people. 
If America is excited about it, and they hit Congress on the shoulder and say they do it, Charlie, it's gonna happen. 
OBAMA: Well, you know, while I'm traveling across the country, it's one of the most frequently raised issues, it's the health care issue. 
What you have to decide is who has the best economic plan. 
It cost $1.2 trillion. 
We have time to refute now. 
I said, and the joint Chiefs of Staff agreed with me, that it was time we turned our research capacity to see if we could find that kind of defensive weapon. 
Mr. Kondracke, your question to Mr. Mondale. 
I think this is extremely unfair, especially for our younger generation who lose faith in the system. 
I love the fact that everyone, especially in the media, passes over town hall. 
Under my plan, they get $1,800 in tax relief. 
Well, the fact is that many of our small businesses pay taxes under personal income taxes rather than corporate rates. 
And they don't have the same capabilities to attack the American homeland and our allies as they did four years ago. 
What I'm going to do is tell Jim Baker when this campaign is over, let's sit down now, do what you've done in the field of foreign affairs, be kind of the economic coordinator on the national side of the House, and that includes the whole economic side, the whole side of the training, and bring this program together. 
I urged the President to support this air cover, and he did - and I applaud him. 
If you've come in, if you've ever become president with your ideas, you want to put an end to my taxes. 
Why would you do that? 
As long as we can handle this, that's what you're gonna get. 
And I would stop giving the oil industry — I would stop giving them federal subsidies. 
Just a clarification of fact very quickly. 
Here's the difference. 
We're going to talk about taxes... it can't... it can't stand. 
I own weapons. 
It's time to change it. 
That's their real number. 
Everyone goes to Delaware, because they have pretty loose laws when it comes to things like credit cards. 
Secondly, the difference is that we need to explore at home. 
IFILL: That's the senator's. 
Let me talk to the workers. 
People are going to get paid. 
Can I tell you what that meant? 
DIVAD. 
The federal government can get local schools and -- and state schools to do better work. 
I think what really matters is what we can do to build strong families. 
Now he misled the American people in his speech when he said that we are going to plan carefully. 
They don't want to raise the minimum wage. 
We send them our thoughts and prayers for their speedy and complete recovery and for the recovery of all those afflicted by the coronavirus. 
Mrs Ferraro, you and Mr. Mondale are in favour of a verifiable nuclear freeze. 
The Obama administration had predicted that it would fall under 6 percent now after the addition of nearly a trillion dollars in stimulus money. 
It's gonna change. 
WELKER: Good evening at Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. 
They managed their own monetary policy. 
Minuteman III, penetration systems. 
Our allies in France and Italy are now flirting with communism. 
We have been strong supporters of Israel. 
But there are things the government can do and things it can't do. 
Because no one's coming. 
He left his condition about $2 billion in the hole. 
And don't take my word for it. 
She was right. 
We will hear them all for the first time at the same time. 
We have taken inflation into account in our figures. 
Lower inflation, lower interest rates, higher employment and growth, all within a balanced budget. 
In our administration, in my administration, we will accelerate. 
Number three, covers people who are between two jobs for up to six months. 
This administration, along with a George Bush government, will commit to eradicating poverty. 
So there are -- some things we need to do structurally to ensure that we can compete in this global economy. 
Let's talk about our next section, which is the race in America. 
During this, I think the President's campaign tried to characterize me as -- like someone who is very different from who I am. 
The states have regulated marriage, if you want. 
And it's not really higher prices, it's just that you're reducing the value of money. 
And there's a principle of difference - LEHRER: Sorry, Mr. Vice-President. 
And we did not set an example for our own people. 
I'm tempted to give in to Admiral Stockdale. 
But I understood you to say that if the development of military space technology was a success, you could give the Soviets a demonstration and say, "Here," which seems to me as if you were trying to get the kind of advantage that would allow you to dictate terms, and that I would suggest you then could mean the suppression of a generation of nuclear strategy called mutual deterrence in which we hold each other hostage. 
That's what he said, again, a question of record. 
I mean, I'm -- I'm glad you're now endorsing our policy of applying diplomatic pressure and potentially having bilateral discussions with the Iranians to end their nuclear program. 
And I'm glad we have a good director at George Bush. 
One of the most embarrassing failures of the Ford administration, which is specifically related to human rights, is its refusal to appoint a presidential commission to go to Vietnam, go to Laos, go to Cambodia and try to exchange information on missing persons in these wars. 
And we will have time to deal with the long-term problems of baby boomers. 
Let me just say that I think it is the woman who, in exercising her conscience and religious beliefs, is making this decision, and I think it is the right approach, the right decision, and I hope that at that time, Mr Bush has settled this issue and that he has succeeded in doing so as I have done. 
I'd like to know the law because I'd sign it. 
You're both opposed to gay marriage. 
That's how our free market works. 
It's not gonna happen. 
They make all the expenses, they own every penny and tell us how to spend every penny. 
It is a plan that should create 7 million jobs. 
At that time, we will withdraw our combat troops, leave a smaller force of Americans, if I understand our policy, in Afghanistan for training purposes. 
That's not true at all. 
We are a government on the part of the people, and when we evolve, it should be for very serious and extreme reasons that serve our national interests and end up having a stronger country behind us. 
Over the years, I have served on the National Security Council. 
I thought humor was unacceptable. 
And you saw ten grandchildren jump on their grandfather at the assembly. 
To believe that the law must be based on a higher law. 
WOODRUFF: Tom Brokaw, a question for Senator Quayle. 
They can say anything. 
Co-payments are increasing, costs are increasing, costs are rising sharply, making people less and less able to afford health insurance in America. 
And they're over there, not here. 
This, plus $14 billion pledged in direct aid, puts the overall contribution of the allies at about $95 billion, not $120 billion we have, but, you know, better than 40 percent. 
This can happen in America with the right kind of leadership. 
Second, we must work with cities and others to contribute to the economic growth of these communities. 
I'm gonna find people who want to serve their country. 
And I'll tell you why. 
There's something wrong. 
I think that, as far as housing is concerned, when we consume, even if our per capita income today is about the same as that of the Federal Republic of Germany, we consume, by a factor of two, the amount of energy they consume in this country. 
Values start at the top, at the White House. 
MASHEK: Mrs Ferraro, you and former vice-president Mondale criticized the president about the bombings in Lebanon, but what would you do to prevent such attacks? 
Specifically, where could you reduce government spending if you were to increase defence spending and also reduce taxes, so probably. 
Regarde Baltimore. 
I have much more experience than many others who have sought the position of Vice-President of this country. 
That's the guy who says that, and the fact is. 
This debate is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
Then we can have a conversation. 
But what I also said was to hire another 100,000 professors of mathematics and science to ensure that we maintain our technological advancement and that our people are competent and able to succeed. 
The president did not do what was necessary. 
It's a different country. 
But the best thing to do is to reform health insurance. 
President, you can say anything you want. 
Many good people have lost work. 
And that means keeping our army strong. 
Senator Biden, we want to talk about taxes, talk about taxes. 
It'll help you in everything you're gonna do in the next few years. 
Yes, because what he did, even before VOCID, the manufacturing went into the hole. 
I'll give him everything I have if you want me to. 
She doesn't have a look. 
What I mean is that my plan doesn't just trust seniors with options, my plan sets aside $3. 
Regarde. 
And FEMA was a great flagship project to reinvent our government's efforts. 
But we all know that we still have a lot of work to do. 
The interim talks on nuclear force were good talks, and I would have liked the Soviet Union to continue them. 
No, I voted. 
The governor also spoke of morality in foreign policy. 
And I know what many of them are saying today, and I know how to get them back to the table. 
HOWE: Comments, Senator Kennedy? 
What I'm saying now is that I'm part of the Senate's Armed Services Committee that is talking exactly to the people that Dick Cheney talked about, the Secretary of Defence, the Chiefs of Staff. 
I called for the expansion of the choice options for public schools and said the creation of 3,000 new schools that we are going to help the states finance. 
I think if I were an elderly person, I'd get a little tired of all those ads that scare seniors, scare veterans, and scare students about education. 
It is not accidental that the Presidents of Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine flew to Georgia, and that I went to Tbilisi, where I spent a lot of time with a great young president, Misha Saakashvili. 
Of course we want a family break. 
I've been thinking a lot about what it means to be the president. 
The good news is, and I think it's true in Richmond, the use of teenagers is declining, significantly, 60% over the last two years. 
We're going to do a lot of things for college classes. 
It's kind of like how this guy and, and his friends look at a lot of people. 
We need to provide leadership. 
And we put an end to it and, as a result, we saved jobs all over America. 
That's a good question. 
BIDEN: Because in fact, it has already cost 10 million people the health care they had from their employers because of its recession. 
It's time for a new road. 
And, as a corollary, would you supply military equipment to mainland China if the Chinese asked for it? 
Look what we did in Bosnia. 
They should engage in the development of other technologies, waste recycling, clean water technology and things like this. 
That's where they are. 
Of course, there's more work to do. 
It seems to me that we have a chance - the Republicans - to obtain a majority in the House of Representatives. 
John Kerry and I believe that we need to step up sanctions against Iraq, including the removal of the loophole that allows companies to use a subsidiary, offshore subsidiaries to do business with Iran. 
It did not reach the House of Representatives. 
I wrote a book on this subject several years ago -- six or seven years ago -- entitled "The New War," which saw the difficulties of this international criminal network. 
I know what it's like to have to fight to keep the hope of going through difficult times. 
It was Ronald Reagan who said that freedom is always a generation far from extinction. 
It's not good enough. 
It's the kind of campaign reform for Republicans. 
It's not. 
Secretary Clinton, you've won the change, so you'll go first. 
He introduced 300 bills and passed five. 
He's chosen a tax cut for rich Americans on the things I've listed for you. 
To help enlist. 
And we fixed it and we killed it and people ended up in federal jail, so I know how to do it because I've been involved with these issues for many years. 
That's good. 
And it was only part of the operation I wanted to participate in. 
The terrorist threat has diminished in some way because an Iranian nuclear weapons programme has been stopped. 
What we're saying is that this is our framework. 
It is absolutely important that we have a unified alliance and explain to the Russians that you cannot be a superpower or a power of the twenty-first century and act as a dictatorship of the twentieth century. 
GORE: Well, I don't know about all those percentages that he throws, but I know that -- I guess the reason he didn't answer your question directly about whether my numbers were correct, the facts were correct about Texas's last dead ranking in families with health insurance and 49th out of 50 for children and women, is because these facts are correct. 
That's what President Gingrich and Senator Dole did, not me. 
And if you support them, don't be surprised that that's exactly what they want to do and that's why Dan Quayle refuses to say tonight that he supports a woman's right to choose. 
Now I believe in community policing. 
The Fed is more political than Secretary Clinton. 
Governor, is that true? 
And it is this great task, if we succeed, that we will tackle ourselves. 
on the Bashir government's sanction policy in Sudan. 
Bill Clinton proposes a new approach. 
Here's the file: We cut the deficit four years in a row for the first time before the civil war -- I mean, before the Second World War, and perhaps before the civil war. 
Now, Joe, Senator Obama's plan, if you are a small business and you are capable - and your - the guy who sells you will not increase his capital gains tax, what Senator Obama wants, if you are there, my friend, and you have employees, and you have children, if you do not get it - to adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama prescribes, he will amend you. 
I believe, by joining our allies and friends in a league of democracies, that we can effectively reduce their behaviour, and hope that they will abandon this quest for nuclear weapons. 
NOVINS: Senator, I believe in - in one of your speeches - KENNEDY: No, never. 
And, once again, voters on November 4 will have this choice to either support a ticket that supports policies that create jobs. 
That's how you do things. 
The government does not create jobs. 
But it is certainly not a good thing that she did. 
Groucho Marx said, "Who do you believe? - me, or your own eyes? 
Over the next four years, there will be a crisis - there will be an international crisis. 
The discussions are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Commission and will be conducted in accordance with the modalities and rules agreed between the Commission and the two campaigns. 
In a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed, thousands in recent years, in fact, nearly 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president, more than 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. 
We supported a crime bill that included 60 death sentences, including the death penalty for drug traffickers. 
And none of this happened. 
WALTERS: Good evening, I am Barbara Walters, moderator of the last debate in 1976 between Gerald R. Ford, Republican candidate for president, and Jimmy Carter, Democratic candidate for president. 
Yet, at the present time, we are confronted with the extraordinary story of a CIA guerrilla manual for the anti-sandinist contras that we support, which advocates not only the murders of Sandinistas, but also the hiring of criminals to assassinate the guerrillas that we support to create martyrs. 
I'm the son of a Methodist minister. 
I'm also very hard on violent crimes. 
We know that this is a difficult personal, moral and medical problem, but that is precisely why it should be left under our law to a woman, her doctor and her God. 
I'd liquidate the industry. 
Senator Bentsen voted against Gramm-Rudman, the very tool that was used to reduce the federal budget deficit. 
That president took $5. 
With regard to employment -- that's the top priority, and I believe that my program to stimulate investment, encourage small businesses, adopt a new approach to education, strengthen the American family and, yes, create more exports is the way forward. 
That I apply for asylum on the basis of the following premise, why I deserve it under American law. 
And Ross says as he should, "Okay, there's pain in it." 
We may have different approaches to how we deal with local people. 
And that's what every president has done, as far as I know, in the past, but what all the other presidents have done. 
I have a lot of respect for women. 
And our state cares a lot about our children. 
LEHRER: Good evening at the Shiley Theatre at the University of San Diego, San Diego, California. 
I said I wasn't perfect. 
And before I react, I think it's best to have full accounting, full understanding of what's going on. 
This could reduce Saddam Hussein's ability to threaten Kuwait and its other neighbours again. 
As part of President Bush's health care reform, the woman will not have to choose to return to work or take care of her children, because she will have both. 
I think they are different because they are based on prejudice and hatred, which gives rise to crimes that not only have one victim, but they are intended to stigmatize and dehumanize an entire group of people. 
We have a lot more manpower and much more equipment there. 
I think we should raise the age at which young people can have a weapon. 
I also managed to rank our schools first in the country, so 100 per cent of our children would have a great opportunity for a future. 
And I also had hope, because I knew I was living in a country where I could get a university education. 
We have already destroyed the air transport industry because of all these leverage buyouts and all the terrible things that have happened to the air transport industry. 
And there's a connection. 
As you know. 
But it will go through a George Bush administration, a George Bush administration committed to the environment. 
I would like to ask you the following question: who is responsible? 
But, as this record is, may I point out that this is not enough. 
I guess we'll have the pre-existing state plan together with the infrastructure plan we've been waiting for since 17, 18, 19, 20. 
So it plays a part in my life. 
How do you answer that? 
And I don't think that's the right approach when it comes to ensuring that health insurance is stronger in the long term. 
The first half of '84 is up 8\1/2\ percent. 
And it cost us money. 
But do not encourage further hostage-taking. 
I mentioned Halliburton a few minutes ago about the $87 billion, and you raised it in this question. 
We will see that this is not the case. 
Our government is at this point now. 
I understand that I can put this country back on track. 
TRUMP: We must make our country a total success, as it was before the plague from China. 
Martha, let's keep an eye on the ball. 
That's all. 
Governor, what about this charge? 
GORE: I would like to come back to the issue of nation-building, but let me address the issue directly, first. 
But I support efforts to investigate crimes, war crimes committed by Syrians and Russians and to try to hold them accountable. 
It covers the majority of the workforce. 
There may be another law that was already in the books, but certainly the defenders of the Hate Crimes Act felt that a new difficult law was necessary. 
BUSH: Looks like the vice president's not very well tonight. 
This makes a big difference, but it requires some federal support. 
It was long before I got involved, so you really need an apology. 
I want you to move on to the next question, because it's in the same wheelhouse, so you'll be able to answer. 
And for every dollar I spend in these two categories, I'm going to put $2 to pay off the national debt. 
Maybe someone here did a little business with them. 
As Dorothy Ridings pointed out, I was involved in four presidential debates, either as moderator or as a panelist. 
These terrorists have constantly violated their northern border, and Israel has pursued them so far. 
They cracked the only news agency there, La Prensa, censoring the press something that should concern all Americans. 
So we go out and try to sell our titles every week, and hope that foreigners will buy them. 
I voted in favour of the Formosa resolution in 1955. 
Now we have a very, very large group of advisers who help me prepare these debates and teach me about the international economy, foreign affairs, defence issues, health, education, well-being, government reorganization. 
I would have hoped that it would have been possible to use marshals to do so. 
Now, Jim, let me out. 
And... and let's see. 
Secretary, we tried to reduce taxes on the rich. 
That's why they had to close the subway in New York when the Republican Convention was there. 
The vice president talks about a thousand points of light. 
I don't want to do that. 
This is a crucial opportunity for America. 
I don't think they should be allowed to do that. 
Now, can you stay here tonight and look at a whole generation from 18 to 34 years old in the eyes of people who are going to have to fund this retreat and tell them that they should fund the retirement of people like you, like Governor Dukakis, or elsewhere, people like us here on this panel? 
Mali now having northern Mali taken over by Al-Qaida, Syria having continued Assad to -- kill, kill its own people, it is a tumultuous region. 
CLINTON: Well, Martha, I hope at that time, if I'm lucky... TRUMP: Everything. 
People who listen know what I think. 
Keep typing, man. 
The rest we will use to reduce middle-class taxes and invest in programs such as education. 
CLINTON: I think our relationship with China is important and I don't want to isolate China, but I think it's a mistake for us to do what this administration did when all these kids went there wearing the Statue of Liberty on Tiananmen Square. 
I think we need to educate and recycle better. 
Yes, sir? 
I'm talking about the truth. 
We're at 336 ships. 
And, yes, I did. 
They're in trouble. 
We know that many of you here are for one candidate or another. 
MCGEE: Senator Kennedy, would you like to comment? 
They're very, very similar. 
We will stop efforts to hurt health insurance, and we will do so as part of a balanced budget plan. 
Five million Americans have lost their medical coverage. 
Mr. WALLACE: Thank you, Mr. Secretary. 
There's a difference of opinion. 
I went there, Hal. 
And, frankly, Senator McCain voted for four of President Bush's five budgets. 
And if you care about America's future, if you care about your future, don't. 
That's really what you are -- when they ask about mistakes, that's what they're talking about. 
Barack Obama, four years ago, running for President, said if you don't have new ideas, use obscene tactics to scare voters. 
We cannot put the Middle East peace process on our schedule. 
The four journalists on this evening's panel include a journalist and a representative of the telegraphic services. 
You know he calls it a subcontracting to keep -- stop outsourcing. 
The word "scary" has been used. 
That is what the Duelfer report has shown. 
SHAW: Senator, you are shaking your head in disagreement. 
And I think you'll take a look at it. 
DOLE: Well, I would say that the first homelessness bill in the Senate was Bill Dole-Byrd Byrd-Dole, I don't remember who was in control at the time. 
All right, let's go. 
I appreciate that question. 
The recording shows the opposite, but why... TRUMP: The recording does not show that. 
They put people out of business, men and women. 
Many of these cases have resulted in undue influence once they have not been dealt with by the government. 
John Kerry and I have a plan to do something. 
We have 40 million seniors who have benefited from the reform of the health insurance system. 
But again, I did not hear a repudiation of the MP... OBAMA: I mean, if we want to talk about MP Lewis, who is an American hero, he, without my campaign, without my awareness of the campaign, made a statement that he was concerned about what he heard at some rallies that your racing companion held, in which all the Republican reports said, when my name came, things like "terrorists" and "kill", and that you're racing friend didn't mention, didn't stop, didn't say "Hold on a second, that's some off of line." 
We have agreements, but they're still here. 
Look, I like -- I love teachers, and I'm happy to have states and communities that want to hire teachers do that. 
Well, I think we did the right thing in the circumstances. 
Will you urge your supporters to remain calm during this prolonged period, not to engage in civil unrest? 
So our troops will return home at that time. 
GORE: I want to answer that. 
It's been over a year. 
And my opponent has a retirement and defeat plan in Iraq. 
The death penalty is a very serious matter, Leo. 
The fact is that the plan is so complex that the ordinary American will never know what he can do. 
And I respect the second amendment and I will not amend the second amendment. 
And it was a risk that -- and that's where we just have a difference of opinion. 
We need another 100,000 police officers on the street. 
And if they get nuclear weapons, other people in the neighborhood will pursue their nuclear weapons, as well. 
Now, just because we can't be involved everywhere, and shouldn't be, doesn't mean we should hesitate to go anywhere. 
And you knew that if the Russians themselves were trying to get some of those territories or to repel Georgia, it was not a stable situation. 
And believe me, if you knew my family and you knew the privacy I have, you'd agree in a minute that it's a lot more fun than getting involved in politics. 
I've been to Washington, D.C., three and a half years and I've led Congress to reform health insurance so that our seniors have a modern health care system. 
And most of this tax reduction was granted to the richest people in the country. 
And I want to bring to the White House a sense of strength and fiscal responsibility that will build a good solid foundation under which this country, or over which country can move, grow, invest and build the best America for its people and for our children and grandchildren. 
It is a consistent model over time to always be on the wrong side of defence issues. 
So if he paid zero, that means zero for troops, zero for veterinarians, zero for schools or health. 
I said under oath that the initiative I took was at the request of the members of the Banking and Currency Committee of the House on the Republican side, which was a legitimate request and an appropriate response on my part. 
And if you look at Hillary Clinton twisted, if you look at all the different people, there was no transition, because they came after me trying to make a coup. 
If you earn more than $25,000 a year, you do not get a loan under the Bush prescription drug proposal for at least four to five years, then you are pushed into a health insurance plan -- in a health insurance plan or insurance plan, and there is no limit on premiums, deductibles or any of the conditions. 
I don't think that's a good way to describe aayuh-President of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who's been fighting for his country for 35 years, and I'm sure the governor would agree with me on this. 
It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell you exactly what to do and that would really be, I think, a good sign for the American public. 
90% of our children go to public schools. 
Joe, you agreed with Bernie Sanders, who's far left, on the manifest, we call him. 
Mr. DUKAKIS: Ann, the Vice-Chair made this commitment. 
When Ronald Reagan won the Texas primary election, Ford added a billion and a half dollars. 
So you can't compare unemployment, as you've been looking for it - with the current era with the 1950s, because the administration of the time had people in the army - they were at war, they were fighting abroad, and this administration reduced the size of the army by one million four hundred thousand. 
On the one hand, for example, he suggests that as far as his medical care program is concerned, it is really not a problem because it is social security. 
I hope you don't think so. 
I'm just saying that the United States should live up to its commitments to the Que-à-- Formosa and the Pescadores. 
And now we're going back to budgeting for other lands for our parks. 
The federal government spends seven per cent of the total on education, and the rest of state and local governments and the thousand points of clarification that I'm talking about private schools and private religious schools and things of this nature--are up 93 per cent. 
We can talk about agreeing here that we need tax relief for the Americans so that jobs can be created here. 
But he had been arrested by the police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident. 
On the general question here, when you try to solve a problem, you get the best plans. 
So they're both very dangerous. 
This conversation is about race. 
And when he crossed the line, I stood up and looked in the camera and said, "This aggression will not stand." 
And to come back to this question that we talked about at the beginning, that of Quemoy and Matsu. 
Let me tell you that the media has already been wrong. 
It's a horrible thing for our country. 
How do you specifically report jobs, American manufacturers? 
The question before us is: what point of view and party do we want to lead the United States? 
We need to understand in America that we need to have growth, create more jobs and more opportunities in the private sector. 
WHITE: Several times in its history, the United States went to war to defend freedom in other countries. 
In fact, we have increased funding to deal with nuclear proliferation about 35 percent since I was president. 
He doesn't finance it properly. 
Iraq was Iran's deadly enemy. 
KEMP: Thank you, Jim and thank you to the people of St.Petersburg for a fantastic hospitality and my friend, Al Gore, for a vigorous debate. 
She was discredited by six other studies. 
:<strong>October 13, 2004</strong> <strong>The Third Bush-Kerry Presidential Debate</strong> UNIVERSITY OF STATE OF ARIZONA OF THE THIRD UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT OF STATE OF ARIZONA, TEMPE, ARIZONA SPEAKERS: GEORGE W. BUSH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES SENATOR U.S. JOHN F. KERRY (MA) NAME DEMOCRATIC BOB SCHIEFFER CBS ANCOR SCHIEFFER: Good evening at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. 
Joe Biden will use this money to invest in education. 
Those who can support a family. 
Join the debate by saying crazy things. 
We had 43 consecutive months with unemployment above 8%. 
Something to know about him, to understand and appreciate. 
I'm not looking anymore. 
I'm gonna be positive tonight. 
I can tell you from personal experience that I was in the hospital, I had it. 
But he didn't put what he promised, and that makes a difference in the lives of our children. 
I don't understand anything. 
We are going to areas like Syria where they arrive by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama. 
So I never seriously warned and said that we have to plan according to Armageddon. 
What we're saying is that this is the framework... BIDEN: I hope I'm going to have time to answer that. 
TRUMP: I think what the FBI did and what the Department of Justice did, including meeting her husband, the Attorney General, at the back of a plane on the tarmac in Arizona, I think it's shameful. 
And when John talks about his non-inflationary plan, as far as I can tell, there are 88 proposals that call for additional government spending programs. 
How can we build a militarily strong America that is in debt on a mountain of debts? 
That is what I have tried to do successfully by keeping our country at peace. 
And the most striking and surprising thing is that they are the first presidency in 70 years -- and I'm talking about the Democrats, the Republicans, the presidents who led us through the World War, through the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Cold War -- each of them created jobs up to this president. 
And I think you have some arrogance, bureaucratic arrogance, if people stay there for too long. 
Mr President, the whole increase in natural gas and oil has occurred on private land, not on public land. 
If you want someone to fight for you and fight for middle class tax reductions, then I'm your man. 
I want to... 
I've had the best health care in government hospitals, military hospitals, and I know how important it is, but we need to fix it. 
This is the kind of choice that Americans are facing right now. 
I'll tell you how it affected me. 
And during the ceasefire, Russia took back huge earth watches, and then they said that we no longer want the ceasefire. 
I feel like they're here. 
Back to Iran, just a second. 
First, Governor Romney, you have two minutes on social security and rights. 
PENCE: – we will always be at the side of law enforcement and we will do what we did on the first day that is to improve the lives of African Americans. 
If the list was, uh - in my opinion, fairly uniform, if there were no exceptional person, then I would no doubt choose someone who would most faithfully reflect my own basic political philosophy as I might determine. 
And then you add to this food and to this wardrobe, and all the other things, and you have only a small portion going for the weapons. 
ANN COMPTON: Governor Clinton, can you block a level here tonight on cases where middle-income families can be guaranteed a tax reduction or, at the very least, at what level of income they can be guaranteed no tax increase? 
This would, of course, mean that for a family of four that this family would have a thousand dollars of additional personal exemption - money that they could spend for their own purposes, money that the government would not have to spend. 
I had a conversation with my daughter, Amy, the other day, before I came here, to ask her what the most important problem was. 
We must stop sending $700 billion a year to countries that don't like us very much. 
President Bush is in favour of a balanced budget amendment, Bill Clinton opposes it. 
He also presided over the recorded evictions and family detentions at the border before changing course. 
But at the same time, we gave back to the people of California - tax rebates, tax credits, tax reductions - $5. 
Good evening. 
That is - my view is the same as his. 
You shouldn't have a profit motive to fill prison cells with young Americans. 
They appointed a commission that I was on this commission. 
These programs that I described to you earlier - foreign tax deferrals, DISC, and tax shelters, uh - only apply to people in the $50,000 a year or more, and I think that's the best way to do it. 
We had this discussion. 
But as long as they have an economy that leaves so many people in poverty and unemployment, they will seek this job beyond our borders. 
But people make their own choices. 
You had supported the war in Iraq before the invasion. 
We must have nuclear energy. 
The third time we sent the welfare reform to the president, he signed it but announced that he would change it next year, and the vice president said they were going to do something else through the line veto that I never understood, but it's a little inside baseball. 
He doesn't want to let me answer, because he knows I have the truth. 
You cannot take different positions on these difficult issues. 
I will lead the world in the greatest counter-proliferation effort. 
Deputy Ferraro, rebuttal for one minute. 
When the FDR established Social Security, they did not call them IOU, they called it the full faith and credit of the United States. 
Today, thanks to the secondary and tertiary treatment plants, which many of us voted on both sides of the aisle, which actually started under Richard Nixon, a Republican president, our water is cleaner in the Great Lakes. 
I therefore believe that, in this respect, we can balance the budget unless there is a national emergency or a serious recession. 
I think it is important to encourage competition in public schools. 
No one who has a child of nineteen or twenty years of age, a son, will ever say so to the loss of another's child. 
But that is not something we can address in the short term. 
The second largest surplus next to Japan. 
Now, but here's why this is directly relevant, Jim. 
When they sell in us, there's no tax. 
In other words, if the United States is to maintain its strength and prestige, we must not only be strong at the military and economic levels, but also be diplomatically firm. 
And also, if abortion is made illegal, how would you like it to be enforced? 
I don't want the government to finance Congressional elections. 
Can I answer that? 
They failed. 
Let's move on to another war. 
And it is at the heart of this that jobs are found. 
TRUMP: Because he drove energy prices through the sky. 
And if nothing else turns you on to rebuild our industrial base, maybe it will because the job is to get our people back to work. 
Senator Harris? 
And the principles we put in place, we also gave the children not only a graduation exam that determined whether they were up to the skills necessary to - to be able to compete, but also if they graduated a quarter of their class, they obtained a free four-year course in any public institution in Massachusetts. 
He says we need to do better to stimulate private companies. 
I come from the school of thought which says that when people have more money in their pocket during economic times, it increases demand or investment. 
WELKER: Vice President Biden to you, North Korea has conducted four nuclear tests under the Obama administration. 
I told the NRA it was history. 
It's my program and that's why I think it's not just a matter of experience. 
Now let's move on to the tax cuts for children's education and education, help with medical emergencies, and buy a home. 
It could be months. 
I want to thank Governor Bush for participating, and I want to say that I am happy to be here with Tipper and our family. 
And that is why I was the first Chair of the Judicial Committee to make it clear that it is important what your judicial philosophy is. 
-- and sit there and say, well, on the one hand, it's okay, and on the other hand, it's okay. 
Why do we have an exhaust allowance? 
That's what it was. 
He says you don't have a plan. 
They felt neglected. 
Nothing was unethical. 
Let me do it on a personal level first. 
And I think it'll happen in my life. 
That's America. 
Urine the bodies of the Taliban? 
And only a quarter was bilitarian. 
He doesn't have a plan. 
BUSH: No, what I said was that, because we won such a quick victory, more Saddam loyalists were there. 
You need someone who works for you and you have to have someone in Washington who thinks of the middle class and not just those who can afford to hire lobbyists. 
It's Christmas. 
I'm Bob Schieffer from CBS News. 
So the worst of all happened. 
In fact, I passed 56 individual bills that I personally drafted and, in addition to that, and not always under my name, there are amendments to certain bills. 
It is time for a new administration to deal with the energy problem. 
The agreement between the Palestinians and the Israelis was signed at the White House and the agreement -- the peace treaty with Jordan -- I went to Jordan to sign the agreement. 
It costs about $27,000 to pay the volunteers. 
You have 30 seconds, senator. 
We trained more than 315,000 people, mostly without incident. 
This situation became so serious that I decided I'd better go. 
Everybody. 
We're almost out of time. 
What are you urging them to do? 
For 24 years, I've never been afraid to take the big drug companies. 
But let me tell you my position on weapons in general, sir, if you don't mind. 
Big, really hard, we're really strong. 
So how do you get the job for blacks and other minorities and what programs do you have in mind for the next four years. 
I want to continue this economic recovery. 
And we take about a quarter and report it in the form of a tax reduction to the American taxpayer. 
Is it easier for you to go buy things in stores than four years ago? 
We are all in this situation together. 
Take a look at the state of New York. 
But I think that strength must also require wisdom and intelligence in its exercise. 
I'm not. 
PENCE: And so we took away — we took away all our... QUIJANO: Gentlemen, we are going to arrive at... [crosstalk] PENCE: ... the troops of Iraq, and ISIS could be conjured in this vacuum. 
Che Guevara was a despicable figure in the history of civilization. 
And these are the standards I will use to appoint people to the Supreme Court of the United States. 
And we are going to pave the way for the exit of this economic recession around the world and the economic slowdown here at home. 
In the meantime, we have challenges, for example with China, where we borrow billions of dollars. 
He should never have come from China. 
There was a good thing that came out of this budgetary agreement, that is, we have capped discretionary spending. 
We have a debate. 
But they are making significant progress. 
I also intend to double the number of special forces so that we can do the work we need to do with respect for the fight against terrorists all over the world. 
It was heartbreaking. 
We are ready, ready and able to do something. 
Senator Kerry said in a recent interview that he would absolutely not increase taxes on people under the age of -- who earn less than $200,000 a year. 
I didn't say that. 
REAGAN: The deficit is the result of excessive public expenditure. 
The African-American community_because_look, the community within the city centres has been so badly treated. 
I'm the first in my family to graduate from college. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): Mr. President, I accept your commitment to peace, but I want you to accept my commitment to strong national defence. 
Governor Romney said we shouldn't set a date, number one. 
They know what it's like not having family leave or child care. 
I guess the thing I want is a commitment that soon they'll do something to make this world a safer world for all of us. 
Before that, the family could own a house. 
Immediately before the Kansas City Congress, he added another $8 billion to the defence budget. 
And he'll say it has something to do with Roe v. Wade, about the Illinois State Senate. 
And the reason is that there are good programs there that Al Gore and I will continue to support, like family planning and programs that encourage abstinence. 
Let's give the money directly to the students. 
But I'm not proud of a case, sir, I'm not. 
Vice President Gore. 
And it was this administration, their administration, that cut the money early to be able to clean the water, and made it impossible to move forward at that time on Boston Harbor. 
And that's where the biggest problem is -- GORE: Did you demand that of anyone? 
That's what we're defending. 
And all his donors -- pretty much all -- I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars, Soros, George Soros, took hundreds of millions of dollars... WALLACE: We... TRUMP: Let me explain. 
And it takes a lot of planning and preparation.I would follow Baghdadi. 
We live in an interconnected world. 
I think we need to get NATO into the Middle East with us, in addition to the surrounding nations, and we need to get out of ISIS hell, and we need to do it quickly, when ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton. 
And I think, first of all, that our own file proves that we know the way. 
Mr. SHAW: Senator. 
This evening's rules have been approved by the representatives of the two candidates as well as by the radio and television networks and I would like to read them. 
But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about it, it was really very recently. 
It's my passion. 
He looked in that lens and he said there in San Francisco, he said, "I'm going to raise your taxes." 
DUKAKIS: And that's where you start. 
We say to others, "You can't have nuclear weapons," but we are pursuing a new nuclear weapon that we might even consider using. 
And this record shows that he was simply not able to reduce the deficit, to put in place reforms for health insurance and social security to preserve them, to get us the income we need. 
You two -- governor, you've talked a lot about health insurance and health care for seniors. 
You know what is remarkable is that the United States has reduced CO2 more than the countries that are still in the Paris Climate Agreement, but we have done so through innovation. 
That's the good news, my friends. 
Because it is so essential to our economic strength and our future. 
Bob Dole, as I said earlier, is a man of courage, a man of principle, a man who came out of a fox hole on Riva Ridge in 1945 to save an injured brother. 
General Shinseki, Chief of Staff of the Army, told him that he was going to need several hundred thousand. 
And when they come home, they are guaranteed that they have the best health care and education possible. 
Mondale, isn't it possible that the American people have heard your message -- and they're listening -- but they're rejecting it? 
You said that on occasion America had dictated to other nations. 
I think if you're going to get tax relief, everyone should get it. 
That is why I have decided to introduce myself to the presidency, and I hope that you will all be ready to continue this extraordinary journey that we call America. 
The other thing is, I'm extremely underexploited. 
I am a travel agent and can you explain your policy on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act that would have prohibited discrimination, would have prohibited people from being dismissed from their jobs simply to be gay or lesbian. 
The question is who makes the decision. 
There were a number of things that weakened this bill. 
To my knowledge, there is no constitutional requirement that prevents you from doing so. 
Let's talk about conventional wisdom for a while. 
I think they looked at this and saw weakness. 
His sons said the organization has a lot of business in Russia. 
You know what interests the farmer? Net farm income. 
At one point, as you focused on Iraq, you said that we can "cross" Afghanistan. 
Sometimes you have to talk about it. 
The reality is that she was Secretary of State, senator. 
Capitalism develops and thrives in large parts of China. 
And I said then and I believe today that freedom means freedom for everyone. 
A question like that raised by a presidential candidate goes beyond naivety and goes beyond bad judgment. 
The Shah, whatever he might have done, built cheap housing, removed land from the mullahs and distributed it to the peasants so that they could own land -- things like that. 
The United States remains the indispensable nation in the aftermath of the cold war and on the edge of the twenty-first century. 
It's important that people know. 
And we're looking for him. 
That is why there is also an investigation led by Tom Pickering, a leading diplomat of the Reagan years, who investigates whether or not there are gaps, what they were, so that they never happen again. 
And, no, I have never offered $20 billion in drugs; I have proposed that the program that we have to deal with this particular problem. 
A president must know these things. 
The Dorgan working group, which included two internal revenue commissioners, a Republican, a Democrat. 
About 30 years ago, I was one more man a day. 
And we have a duty to our country and future generations of America to achieve a free Iraq, a free Afghanistan, and to rid the world of weapons of mass destruction. 
Now we have thousands and thousands of refugees. 
And we must extend the benefits of our own commitment to peace, to create a peaceful world. 
Now that the president is receiving millions of dollars from trial lawyers, he probably doesn't like this provision. 
His life of experience, his proven history of bipartite. 
I think this debate has been very constructive and I hope it has helped to familiarize the American people with the strong differences between me and Governor Reagan. 
I never made the statement he suggested about nuclear proliferation and nuclear proliferation, or the attempt to stop it, would be an important part of a foreign policy of mine. 
This year, my State ranks first in the country in terms of employment growth, fourth in manufacturing in terms of employment growth, fourth in income growth, and fourth in terms of poverty decline. 
We need strong communities - we need strong schools, we need schools that nurture the type of discipline and respect of teachers and parents. 
Oh, yes. 
I just think, Jim, this is an absolutely unique time in world history. 
(APPLAUSE) Knowing the magnitude of the deficit, knowing that there was no plan to control health care costs and knowing that we did not have a strategy to bring real economic growth back into this economy. 
Mr. REYNOLDS (spoke in French): Mr. President, when you took office, you spoke very eloquently about the need for a time of healing, and very early in your administration, you went to Chicago and announced, you proposed a program of pardons on a case-by-case basis for recalcitrants in order to restore them to full citizenship. 
They didn't have the guns, they didn't have the tanks. 
I wouldn't be here without them. 
It has been laughed from all over the world what d. w, with that being said, it speaks hard against Russia. 
They own 46 percent of the commercial real estate in Los Angeles. 
And if we don't, we'll spend our children's money. 
I represented New York. 
And what he did was disastrous for the African-American community. 
And I would tell those I know that there are more young people who are experimenting with drugs today than ever before; drug use has increased. 
And we must recognize that the way they behave in recent times requires a strong response from the international community and our allies. 
Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. 
Let's balance the budget and protect Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
And the interrogator's microphone will be turned off after he answers the question. 
But to follow up on Brit Hume's question, when you said that it was a hypothetical situation, it is, Sir, after all, the reason why we are here tonight, because you are not only presenting yourself for the Vice-President - (Applause) BROKAW: And if you mention the experience you have had in Congress, you must surely have a plan in mind about what you would do if you were to become President of the United States, as has been the case for so many Vice-Presidents in the last 25 years. 
Why, someone just had a press conference a while ago, which basically had to work with you and your family, but what he said was damning. 
Our suburbs would've gone. 
You said it was the best case you've ever seen. 
We left him with a booming economy, and it caused the recession. 
Third, spread what is known as health savings accounts. 
And that is to say that we had sufficiently warned that there was a threat to our embassy, and we could have done what the other embassies did - either strengthen our security there, or withdraw our staff before the kidnapping and takeover took place. 
Barack Obama -- Obama voted for an energy bill because, for the first time, there was real support for the alternative. n there were separate votes on the elimination of tax relief for oil companies, Barack Obama voted to eliminate them. 
I don't believe it. 
You cannot ask the president of the United States to look over his shoulder to see if his vice president will support him. 
And yet, your file seems to suggest the opposite. 
Maybe it's fraud. 
Mr. Trump, we're... a typical politician. 
I think it's a very clear contrast. 
At that time, what would be the first steps you would take, and why? 
Do you think that's true, Mr. Perot? 
In recent days, the diagnosis of the president of VOCID-19 has highlighted the importance of the work that you are doing, and that you are looking for. 
I went to see a friend of mine in New York a few years ago and he was president of a large television channel and he said, you know, I think we screwed up all this -- this electoral process -- it was an election year -- by pointing out that -- by putting dogma that questions are the thing to talk about, not character. 
Since the President is not a Ranger Lone, how can you make some of these unpopular changes? 
But why not do what I proposed and ask the Soviet Union to do? Say, "This is what we can do. We'll even give it to you. Now, are you going to sit with us and get rid of these nuclear weapons once and for all, and free humanity from this threat?" 
In fact, the country's leaders told the people that there was a malaise there. 
Look at what they're doing through Obamacare with regard to the aggression of this country's religious freedoms. 
Let's do what our parents told us before we even got this first credit card. 
I think the Americans want it now. 
Those who listen to my voice will have to decide on the future of this country. 
There are now more than 2,000 more warheads reported to us today than there were when he was sworn in, and that does not strengthen us. 
After World War I, we had a policy of disengagement. 
Now I have not blocked the SALT II Treaty, as Mr. Carter and Mr. Mondale suggest. 
KAINE: We will work together in all the roles we play. 
I'm going to ask a question about the race, but if you want to answer something else, go ahead. 
There were other issues related to this tragedy. 
There's no weapon the Iranians have at this point. 
And I think that everything you do in public life must be guided by your faith, affected by your faith, but without officially transferring it to other people. 
Mr. Anderson? 
We don't know if he's developing weapons of mass destruction. 
But listen, let me summarize. 
And when people are there, even if they shouldn't be there, we'll help them, we'll legally help them, we'll help them get down. 
WHITE: Vice President Bush, many critics of your administration say that he is the most hostile to minorities in recent memory. 
Governor Romney? 
40 years ago, when I was 8, he was engaged in despicable acts with a radical domestic group. 
Some programmes are underfunded. 
It has to happen. 
You should be glad you quit, Oscar, 30 years old. 
I have a realistic approach to trade. 
I don't think it's fair to slap a 50 cent gallon tax over every year on people who have to drive to live, people who go long distances. 
And not about personal things. 
Griffin, I believe, who is the leader of the Klan, who lives in Tampa, Florida, said in a statement, I think, two or three weeks ago that he was not going to vote for me, and that he was going to vote for Mr. Nixon. 
That is what we have to do, it is to change their minds so that they stop looking for nuclear weapons, and they go faster. 
I know that I have struggled very hard to set up an independent Inspector General for the Department of Defence, which the Indiana senator opposed to me on this subject. 
And the reason we could do that is because of our fantastic success in the Cold War victory. 
And I'm going to put us on the path to a balanced budget. 
I think they might be using man's own words. 
I can bring them in this direction by eliminating expenses. 
We have a government that doesn't work. 
This is very real, which is why we proposed a plan to keep cases out of the system that do not belong there. 
And if we succeed, we'll rent it. 
We need to create more wealth. 
As for what we could do, and find in other savings cuts, no, we are not going to starve. 
Regardez la course Carolyn Maloney. 
And we must finally ban anyone on the list of terrorist observers from buying a weapon in our country. 
It's not, it's not. 
So, tell us, in particular, how your administration would protect Americans with pre-existing conditions, have access to affordable insurance if the Affordable Care Act is rescinded. 
Mr. Mondale, an opportunity for you to refute. 
I'm gonna be in big trouble if I don't talk about it -- now is the time... BUSH: I promise it's less than 10 seconds. 
This evening's discussion will focus on a wide range of topics, including domestic policy and foreign policy. 
They started from this small area, and now they're in 32 different nations, Hillary. 
With regard to assistance in building schools, I am in favour of the fact that, as Senator Kennedy did in January of this year, when he said he was in favour of this assistance rather than support for teachers' salaries. 
But you know what we as Americans must also do is never let terrorists change the United States Constitution in a way that puts our rights at a disadvantage. 
That was, in fact, the last question and answer. 
We have a lot of people who have been waiting all day to talk to you, so I want to make it. 
QUIJANO: Good man, I would now like to move on to the threat of terrorism. 
And that's what I'd say to that person. 
This really goes back to the fundamental difference of our philosophies. 
But what the American people understand is that I look at what we need to do to keep the American people safe and to advance our interests, and I make those decisions. 
Michael Dukakis is the most liberal national democrat to seek the presidency since George McGovern. 
GOVERNOR_CLINTON_(continuing): I want them to think they want someone of common sense who can do what is best for the American people. 
I heard about an empty check. 
Trump Foundation, small foundation. 
You must have... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: If -- if we are serious, we must take a balanced and responsible approach. 
He had three and a half million dollars. 
Look at the file and make your decision. 
What we said then, and what I have always accepted, is to let young Americans have a voluntary choice to make their money work faster for them in the social security system. 
Can you say, or how can you justify your position on this? 
Bill Clinton kept her from happening. 
And my economic plan demands it. 
1 billion de dettes. 
I'm not for registration. 
Let me get back to that. 
He introduced or supported a law at the time that suggested that the children of Massachusetts should be exempted from going abroad in this war. 
The Honourable Brit Hume, a question for Senator Bentsen. 
We must work to ensure that our police use the best training, the best techniques, that they are well prepared to use force only if necessary. 
I enjoyed so much that he never asked me to check my opinions at the door and he wanted a deliberative debate and a healthy debate so that we could make a good policy. 
What leadership will the President provide in these areas to ensure equal employment opportunities? 
I care about our children. 
Let's take California. 
It's a real leadership. 
Freedom is the best antidote to terror. 
That is the magnitude of what President Kennedy has envisaged doing with the nuclear-test-ban treaty. 
But if you were to calculate this unemployment rate, bringing back those who have left the labour force, it would be 10.7 per cent. 
Despite his policies. 
We only have 12 minutes left. 
In other words, unless we're going to do it, then choose someone who likes to talk about it. 
If these two powers were to be divided, it could have great effects all over the world. 
BUSH: No, of course not, absolutely not, I want them to be harder. 
And justice, I'm not opposed to justice, it seems to be a very good person. 
And so, I have always believed that a mother, if medically determined that her life is in danger if she goes through pregnancy, then she has the right to take the very life of her own unborn child to defend her own. 
You asked if Vice-President Gore has demonstrated the leadership qualities needed to be President of the United States. 
And as you know, I immediately dissolved it. 
He had just said that Jim Baker was going to be Secretary of State and in the first debate he said no, now he will be responsible for domestic economic policy. 
Mr. BRUNO: Go ahead, senator. 
We'll kill Bin Laden, we'll crush Al-Qaida. 
She didn't complain. 
Because we've changed the law. 
He did not use the term "radical Islamic terrorism."To solve a problem, one must be able to indicate what the problem is or at least say the name. 
My opponent thought there were guns there. 
But the fact is that we are so far from the research that is approaching this, that the Director of Engineering Research in the Department of Defense has said to do this we should solve eight problems, each of which is more difficult than the atomic bomb and the Manhattan project. 
Allusions to fundamental changes in the minimum wage are another, and the deleterious comments that Governor Reagan made on unemployment compensation. 
There'll be a noise from a job sucker heading south. 
Can I come back... ROMNEY: Well, I have to talk for a moment... SCHIEFFER: Okay. ROMNEY: ...if you don't mind, Bob, just about education... SCHIEFFER: Okay. ROMNEY: ...because I am -- I'm so proud of the state that I had the chance to be governor of. 
Because he doesn't have a plan. 
When Ronald Reagan introduced himself, he outlined the principles he was going to adopt. 
He said these missiles were less dangerous than ballistic missiles because you could fire them, and you could call them back if you decided there was a calculation error. 
You know, it's so easy now to say, hey, cut off foreign help, we have a problem at home. 
Let me mention three things very quickly. 
And that means we can't provide health care to people who need it. 
In the communities that really managed to put the police near the schools where the children carry weapons, to get the weapons out of the schools, are on the same blocks, you saw the crime fall. 
NIXON: I would say that the issue will remain with us as a campaign issue as long as Senator Kennedy persists in what I think is a fundamental mistake. 
It's your money. 
We have fingerprints today. 
And that's what Osama bin Laden's manual says, because we captured him in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Vice President, you have 30 seconds to answer. 
None of the candidates know which questions will be asked and only the clock will determine who will be asked the last question. 
You may think America's biggest employer is General Motors, but I have news for you. 
I've never had any money from Russia. 
But let's come back to something that the president and I agree, which is the key task we have in health care is to lower the cost so that it is more affordable for families. 
And it's probably a promise Governor Romney thinks I've kept. 
There's a lot to do. 
I want to have one with Eastern Europe; I want one with Chile. 
He moved around and made everything worse. 
The inflation rate under Kennedy and Johnson was about 2 percent - one third of what it is under that administration. 
Thousands of jobs leave Michigan and Ohio. 
We need a $2,000 credit, a refund for people, workers who don't have insurance, they can get in the market and start buying insurance. 
LEVY: Senator, in your acceptance speech in Los Angeles, you said that your campaign would not be based on what you intend to offer to the American people, but on what you intend to ask them. 
Stop-and-frisk was found unconstitutional and, in part, because it was ineffective. 
The problem is, they didn't think well about these things. 
Because when we sell these new products here, we can then sell them abroad. 
Mr. WELKER: Vice-President Biden, your answer, quickly and then we'll move on to the next section. 
The worldâ€TMs uniting, as I said, they look at us. 
Because you'd be in jail. 
In fact, the foundation of military force is economic force," quotes the end. 
But he also knows that I won't talk to the press or that I won't freak him out in the back, running away to make me look good and complicate the problems of the President of the United States. 
An important way to look at this is to ask who are you going to fight for? 
Our country has sold to foreign lobbyists. 
LEHRER: Mr.Governor, would you agree that there is no fundamental difference in the federal government's involvement in what others might see as a private financial crisis? 
We haven't seen the language yet. 
And I think our troops need other allies. 
And doesn't the country have the right to ask you if you can get along with this Congress, or if we're going to continue the confrontation? 
It didn't make any sense. 
Jack Kemp is my racing companion, doing a remarkable job. 
And we ask you to be able to allow you to get them. 
So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are welcome like anyone else. 
And I think that if we want to continue - as I do - to have a religious nation, we must keep that line and never cross it. 
KERRY: The reason why health care costs are increasing, one of the main reasons is that this administration has hampered common sense efforts that would have reduced costs. 
Is America better than four years ago? And I think the answer to that must also be "yes". 
But two years later, no one lost their handguns. I mean, their guns. 
I can tell you that if you elect President Obama, you know what you're going to get. 
You have to look at the experience, and you have to look at the achievements, and can you make a difference. 
The American people, sir, have had enough. 
Go ahead, Mr. – I'm listening. 
It's in our country, the United States of America. 
And I always do. 
Mr. Mondale, is it possible that the vast majority of Americans who seem to be prosperous have lost their interest in the types of programs you are talking about to help those who are less privileged than they are? 
And I supported this bill. 
When he was one of the 435 members of the United States House, he was one of the 10 to vote against Head Start, one of the four to vote against the ban on plastic weapons that can go through metal detectors. 
I respect their -- I respect -- on the one hand, he says he agrees with me and then he says he doesn't. 
Together, we can move forward and raise America to meet its greatest dreams. 
But despite all these things that I had to fight, both the flanks and behind me and above, there was never an administration that did what I did. 
We've had the smallest navy since 1916. 
I said, "Not since Abraham Lincoln did only what I did for the black community. 
So we have seen a deterioration in values, and one of the things I think we should do about it in terms of cause is to instill values in our schools for young people. 
Yes, we should do everything we can to help these hostages return home, but it can never be because we make concessions. 
Somewhere in the Middle East tonight, nine Americans are taken hostage. 
Mr. REYNOLDS: Mr. President, allow me to follow up. 
It is therefore four ways to help control the costs of health care. 
I think we're in front of most -- and I see the red light flashes, so I can't go on. 
Mr. Reynolds, your question for Governor Carter. 
At the same time, however, we have made sound proposals, proposals and proposals on the reduction of nuclear weapons. 
And I think this problem has become so serious, as you know, that we are going to have to do something about the values of the house. 
Nationalists have these two islands. 
TRUMP: ... they'll get the vaccine very soon. 
They should go to treatment. 
No troops through anything. 
Just look at the $90 billion stimulus. 
Wait a minute, Mr. President. 
I have no policy against hiring; whether it's a lifestyle or something, we have no policy of this kind, we have never had it in my office or we will have it in the future. 
Governor Clinton, you have accused the president of tyrants of colportage, including those in Beijing. 
And it is estimated that this will create 800,000 new jobs. 
I welcome you to the first participants in the presidency e. e. tonight are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. 
As you proposed and as the President said tonight, you proposed a comprehensive plan to extend health care coverage to children. 
It's a very important event, and they did a great editing job. 
I was with a company that manufactures valves and -- and the processing industries and they said, we were -- we had valves that were broken and we had to fix them under warranty and we looked at them and -- and they had our serial number on them. 
But don't go. 
What happened to our jobs, our country and our economy in general is — look, we owe $20 trillion. 
IFILL: It's time for a new question but the same subject. 
Timepieces all work. 
He really had no new economic agenda for more than 1300 days in his presidency, and his entire health care initiative has not yet been presented to Congress. 
But we must continue to fight against drugs. 
We don't give this for nothing. 
As far as the exchange of students and trade unions is concerned, I am chairman of the subcommittee on Africa and I believe that one of the most regrettable phases of our policy towards that country has been the very few exchanges we have had. 
We saw the barricades that had to be built around the White House. 
I think it might have been one of my opponent's adverts. 
At the same time, if we can get a 4 per cent recovery over the same period, it will mean -- without increasing tax rates -- that the government's revenues will be $400 billion more. 
Let the governor explain to you what you would do... ROMNEY: Well... LEHRER: ...if Obamacare is abrogated. 
I've seen four wars in my life. 
I'm much better than almost all Americans now. 
Yes. 
The real problem in this country is that most people work hard and are more late. 
When I went to the valley of Ahganda (ph) in Kandahar before the thrust, I sat with a young soldier in the 82nd of the Monamanee Indian Reserve (ph) who told me what he was doing every day, and I was in admiration. 
That's probably why Newsweek magazine said that, that Kamala Harris was the most Liberal member of the United States Senate in 2019, more liberal than Bernie Sanders, more, more liberal than any other in the United States Senate. 
I would therefore go to the negotiating table with more leverage than we have done today. 
I said I objected to discrimination. 
20 or 25 birds were killed and brought out an act of migratory bird to attack them on a criminal basis. 
That's right, the reason I took part in the race is when those people did. 
They understand that a free Afghanistan or a free Iraq will be a major defeat for them. 
I was opposed to one bill rather than another. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Dole, your closing statement, sir. 
And he did it and we're going to win this one and we're not going home in defeat and dishonor and probably have to go back if we fail. 
First of all, we should avoid more of this in the street. 
This is a major problem for America. 
I agree, it's still part of the plan. 
The governor -- here -- here -- here -- here's one thing... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ... here's one thing I learned as commander-in-chief. 
And commitment, and a contribution from all of us to do that. 
Did you use the intelligent word? 
I have to compliment the administration. 
My grandfather didn't even go to high school. 
Mr. Vice President. 
Now, I would like now, sir, what is your position on extending this and what you think the government should do to make AZT and other medicines available to people who suffer from this disease. 
And I think it is very important for the United States, of course, to have a good working relationship. 
What has your administration done specifically to improve the state of our country's air and water supply? 
We believe that cases that do not belong to the system should never be in the system. 
And it's hope, and it's positive. 
I ask you to give me the privilege of leading this great nation, of helping us to be stronger at home and to be respected again in the world and, above all, of being more secure forever. 
I am sure that we all accept and admire his commitment to his faith, and we are all strengthened by that fact. 
But we went from 2,200 to 500. 
This is a typical attitude that really causes havoc in people's lives, and then it is covered by the fact that our country naturally achieved an unemployment rate of 6%, i.e. an unemployment rate of 7% and an inflation rate of 6%. 
The intelligence that I looked at was the same intelligence that my opponent looked at, the same intelligence. 
And I have heard this question from many Muslim Americans across our country, because, unfortunately, there have been many very divisive and dark things about Muslims. 
We have, what, more than 100 people who were killed in a bomb. 
Jim, Bob Dole and I don't see Al Gore and Bill Clinton as our enemies. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, let us move on to some of the leadership concerns that have been raised about you. 
I voted for border security in the United States Senate. 
And how would you specifically use the powers of the Presidency to ensure that more people immediately return to good jobs? 
Mr. President, your rebuttal? 
And when you are the chair of the committee and sit down and draft the law, you are the author. 
If you pay taxes, you'll get an advantage. 
In fact, I am the first governor in my state's history to fund this pension system, and I am very proud of that. 
We're not going to spend hundreds of millions on a space plane from Washington to Tokyo. 
The 17 per cent increase in health insurance premiums is the direct result of legislation passed in 1997. 
But as far as Darfur is concerned, we can also agree on this point, with the support of the no-fly zone, by ensuring that all options are also on the table. 
What's your explanation? 
As always, each candidate will have 2 minutes, up to 2 minutes, to make a final statement. 
And I'm frankly surprised that you didn't pay any more attention to this example. 
But now we see that the countries of Europe, for example, that we have helped, and Japan, that we have helped in the Far East; these countries - some of our former enemies - have now completely recovered. 
In 1983, when I was a brand new Member of Parliament for the United States, he was the person I admired the most and whom I admired the most, Ronald Reagan, who wanted to send Marines to Lebanon. 
Who am I? 
All right. 
The broadcasting representatives were selected by their companies. 
And I think President Bush and I love our country the same way. 
I didn't hear Joe use the term because I'm not sure he knows what it means or means, but I heard Obama use it. 
This is, theoretically, a second segment on the economy, and more specifically on what needs to be done to fill the federal deficit, the federal debt. 
There was only one governor elected for a four-year term, and it was me. 
Why should voters elect you president as opposed to President Trump, you have two minutes without interruption. 
They give almost every penny of the Trump Foundation to charitable causes. 
In Texas, I tried to do something innovative. 
ROMNEY: We will also have to put in place a more effective and comprehensive strategy to help the world move away from terror and Islamic extremism. 
Again and again, in the middle of the night, at 2 or 3 a.m., my government called on me to take extraordinary measures for the Americans in distress, and again and again I answered. And I didn't wilt and I didn't quit. 
But as governor, when I was at this end of the line and I received some of these grants for government programs, I saw that so many of them were out of order. 
So when you say it doesn't have an impact, it really did. 
Very. 
For the sake of argument, no. 
They're in the fight. 
And it's kind of fun to hear someone who hasn't paid federal income tax in 20 years maybe talk about what they're going to do. 
We could have more easily identified the free Syrian army, the freedom fighters, working with our allies, the Turks, the Qataris, the Saudis, if we had had a better plan in place to start by working with our allies. 
The invasion of Afghanistan did not take place under our supervision. 
On one of these tapes, the enemy may be right next time. 
FORD: The President of the Federal Reserve Council should be independent. 
All they have to do is stay back for 10 years, and they don't have to do much. 
But I can tell you that I think America is safer today than 11 September. 
And every defence expert I know, including the people of the Pentagon himself, will tell you that given the level of defence spending and the level of defence funding that Congress has now approved and that the President has signed, there is no way that you can do all these things and do them right. 
But what is called secondary or tertiary efforts to get him out of the ground would be necessary. 
I do not think that even if this effort fails, it will be necessary to carry out tests in the atmosphere that pollute the atmosphere. 
We have had fewer man-hours lost by strikes in the last seven years than we had in the previous seven years, by many. 
He's 10 now. 
We now have an extreme, for example, of some recipients of social assistance, who, by taking advantage of the laws of social assistance, housing, Medicaid laws, and food stamps, earn more than $10,000 a year and do not have to pay taxes. 
In terms of respect for our own people for our own government, in terms of participating in the development of concepts and commitments, in terms of our country's confidence among the nations of the world, in terms of our country's dependence on the needs and obligations we have expressed to our allies, in terms of respect for our country, even among our potential opponents, we are weak. 
And then you defied Senator Tim Scott's bill in the Senate that would have provided new responsibilities, new resources. 
President Clinton, my name is Jack Fleck. 
It will be requested by Robert Lutz. 
The candidates have now decided how to approach them. 
Wait, don't hope, maybe we don't have inflation control and it's going to go up. 
First of all, remember that in this campaign season, since Senator Dole was a candidate, he has boasted that he voted against health insurance at the beginning, in 1965, only one of the 12 members. 
LEHRER: Should an elector assume that any judicial appointments you make to the Supreme Court or any other court, the Federal Court, will also be life-friendly? 
I strongly support him. 
These people know that the middle class has had the short end. 
All right, go ahead. 
And Governor Bush told the anti-choice groups that he will appoint judges in the mould of Scalia and Clarence Thomas, who are known to be the strongest opponents of the woman's right to choose. 
KAINE: That's what the Seventh Circuit just decided — here's the difference, Elaine. 
She's talking about solar panels. 
The president broke the pay rule. 
We have elections so that people can make decisions about it. 
And because we did it and because the Saudis cut off some of those invasive planes a while ago, I think we helped maintain peace in the Persian Gulf. 
We must be very clear whether it is Russia, China, Iran or anyone else_ the United States has much more capacity. 
Senator, Joe Biden opposed this decision. 
I think this is a decision that we should suggest because it was made by experts. 
They first blamed the YouTube video. 
Thank you, Admiral, for saying that. 
Now we're sitting and talking to the Soviets about strategic weapons, and he wants to eliminate midgetman and MX, modernization or our nuclear capability. 
We do not need all these countries that we have had a fight, war more because we needed their energy. 
Secretary Clinton. 
I voted for power because he said he needed it not to go to war, but to keep the United States, the UN online, to maintain sanctions against Iraq and not to let them lift them. 
I'll bring back jobs. 
And they've always been about social security as little as you can do. 
It should make sure everyone gets back together so that we can get along and it works. 
Your two minutes are up. 
BIDEN: Why has he said this for four years? 
It resulted in the loss of more than 300 manufacturing jobs, and a recession in manufacturing industry, and the American consumer paid thousands more dollars for the goods, because of the failed war they called. 
WALLACE: And on the economy and on this question of what it will cost. 
We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. 
But I trust my country. 
He's from Section C here, and he's from Ingrid Jackson (ph). 
But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when he was a little child. 
And it was so far back, it was so weird, and even if we were a little company at the time, he made all the national magazines. 
And they understand you and me. 
But in particular, I want to talk to you about AIDS, not AIDS in China or Africa, but AIDS right here in this country, where black women between the ages of 25 and 44 are 13 times more likely to die from the disease than their counterparts. 
On the other hand, Senator McCain wants to grant a tax reduction of $300 billion, $200 billion to the largest corporations and a hundred thousand of them -- a hundred billion dollars for people like the CEOs of Wall Street. 
And these huge tax cuts no longer come to the big multinationals, not when they negatively affect people living in a state and, in that case, in a country that should benefit at the same time. 
People come to our country as we have no idea who they are, where they come from, what they feel about our country, and she wants 550 percent more. 
They do it completely -- QUAYLE: Senator, are you in favour of a 24-hour waiting period? 
But are you ready tonight to condemn the white suprematists and the militias and to say that they must stand up and not add to the violence in a number of these cities as we have seen in Kenosha and as we have seen in Portland. 
My 40th meeting is in 10 s.d. I worked with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras, now almost 35 years ago, and they were the heroes of my life. 
I'd charge him with that. 
He mentioned ways to do it... and I agree with those. 
You know, for 224 years, Americans have dreamed of bigger dreams and tried bolder solutions than any other person on earth. 
Let me say something. 
Absolument. 
I was Chair of the Sub-Committee on Employment and Productivity. 
Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: But the price of coal is falling all over the world. 
And every fact-checker and every journalist who looked at him, Governor, said it wasn't true. 
And finally, we have to go there and collect billions and billions of dollars of taxes due that are not paid to this country. 
I'm so glad I got the chance to shoot this down. 
I want to thank you for listening tonight. 
Once again, John McCain and I, this commitment we have made, and we will act on it, get rid of this corruption. 
And the truth is that the weak and flawless foreign policy of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama awakened an aggression in Russia that appeared a few years ago with their move to Georgia, now their move to Crimea, now their move to the wider Middle East. d all the time, all we do is fold our arms and say we no longer have talks. 
And that is, in fact, I was wrong when I said that the president did not propose any changes for the current retirees. 
If you create Saddam Hussein, over a 10-year period, using billions of dollars of US taxpayers' money, test yourself and say it was a mistake. 
And do you promise tonight that you will not declare victory until the elections have been independently certified? 
Everyone had two ballot papers. 
It will be a huge down payment for a very good system. 
That's why I don't want it. 
I have spoken to the chairmen of the committees who wish to do so. 
I think this agricultural policy has failed. 
And we're on the right track. 
His experience did not prevent him from participating in or involving or in any way being involved in the relations between this government and Mr. Noriega and drug trafficking in Panama. 
What's the matter? 
We are talking about some e.t. as far as other elements of what she said, I do not know Putin. 
We are talking about tax issues. 
Well, everything I did as Secretary of State was in favor of our country's interests and our values. 
What do you think will happen if Aleppo falls? 
The fundamental difference between you two concerns the rich. 
And we must be very strong. 
What Dan Quayle, George Bush, Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson think is the right decision in a given set of circumstances is their privilege -- but they don't have the government's command to order a woman to do what she thinks is the right thing to do. 
In addition, within the federal government, we provide cities with approximately $3,300 million in what we call community development. 
Governor Carter is tackling a very serious and broad subject. 
We're halving the rate of increase in spending. 
If they don't, I will. 
I think we need to be very careful when we hire our troops. 
Now, Mr. President, rebuttal. 
And that was where President Carter promised that he would put in place a broad program to rebuild that ministry. 
But by focusing so much on the Contras, this administration has not paid enough attention to the rest of Central America. 
The agreement with Iran will lead to nuclear problems. 
I called for a 25% reduction in Congressional staff and expenses. 
If we did not certainly have an exhaustion allowance of, I believe, the present amount, we would have our oil exploration cut substantially in this country. 
They must go hand in hand, but the security of this nation must come first. 
But I want to reduce the burden on middle-income Americans. 
No one has been withdrawn but has not been filled by qualified Afghan personnel. 
As part of their policies, it will take 30 to 40 years. 
I don't think anyone can say that Johnson and Kennedy have neglected the poor and the poor in this country or around the world. 
He praised George Bush as a good economic steward and Dick Cheney as someone who is -- who shows great wisdom and judgment. 
But I want to give every American family a $5,000 refundable tax credit. 
He changes his position all the time. 
223,000 children in Arizona do not have health insurance at all. 
And we should have to limit - we should have a much longer period of time, about 5 years, between when people can leave executive offices and then go out and start lobbying for foreign interests. 
I do not think they are right to try to withdraw the tax exemption from the Catholic Church. 
I do not agree with Mr. Perot that the answer is to increase -- to impose a 50 cent fuel tax on the middle class and to increase taxes on the middle class and poor workers rather than on the rich. 
This is important for nuclear weapons. 
We want more security. 
The tearing video of a 5-year-old Syrian boy named Omran sitting in an ambulance after being pulled from the rubble after an air strike in Aleppo focused the world's attention on the horrors of the war in Syria, with 136 million views on Facebook alone. 
We kept the safety net for the people who really need it in this country, and it was a pure demagogy that we kind of cut off all the charitable programs or many of them for the people who really need it. 
Twice. 
We've got this mess in Iraq. 
And number two, there are some new lines that need to be drawn internationally. 
Is that really the point of view of the American people, whatever your opinion on the abortion issue, that the government should engage in your lounges and make choices like this? 
I'd get rid of it on the first day. 
If the president were to be re-elected, you're going to see $716 billion in Medicare. 
You told him you wanted to spread wealth. 
There were hunting opportunities, for example, which were not yet available and so on, so it was an agreed law. 
6 trillion surplus and turned it into a deficit in view of the eye. 
Should the United States apologize for the U.S. Marines urinating on Taliban corpses? 
That is how you gain legitimacy with your own compatriots, and that is how you gain legitimacy in the world. 
What I am opposed to here is the constant reference to the abandonment of these islands. 
We have reformed our school system, and now there is a gap in success in America that is beginning to close. 
There's a problem for our young people, a real problem. 
And I said that to President Karzai. 
I agree with the president that we need to pick them up and pick them up wherever they are. 
PENCE: We want to improve the relationship, but we will equalize the rules of the game and we will hold China responsible for what it has done to America with the coronavirus. 
Bernie, you won't be surprised to hear that I disagree. 
And make sure we invest in people who actually need help. 
I don't care what it is -- competitiveness, health care, crime, you call it. 
Well, now you added a hypothesis there at the end, Mr. Kalb, about where we were going to send troops to fight. 
When he talks about a public option, he talks about destroying your Medicare, totally destroying — and destroying your social security. 
That's not true. 
I think we both agree that if we leave aside the surpluses in social security and health insurance, there is a $1.8 trillion surplus to be spent over the next ten years. 
Well... [crosstalk] RADDATZ: Thank you very much. 
I think that the moment when you give the union, on the one hand, and the management, on the other hand, the escape to finally go to the government so that it resolves itself, that most of these big strikes will eventually be settled by the government, and it will be one - ultimately, in my opinion, wage control; that would mean price control - all things that we do not want. 
I like to be able to answer these difficult questions without the filter, even traditional media that tell viewers what they have just heard. 
Temporary hiring of persons who have lost their jobs and who go to work for 30 days or 60 days. 
The middle-class family with children would pay about $2,000 more. 
We have a question up there. 
Thank you. 
But it happened. 
For 38 years, a party has controlled the House of Representatives, and the result, a small sorry post office that can do nothing good and a bank that has more discoveries than all the Chase Bank and Citibank combined. 
Let's go to work and put an end to this fiasco in Central America, a failed policy that has actually increased Cuban and Soviet influence. 
So the proposal I put on the table for you to discuss is this one. 
Now, Senator Dole suggested that he would repeal the Family and Medical Leave Act if he had the opportunity to be elected Speaker. 
Here's the thing. 
The states cut Medicaid, we did it in Arkansas under budgetary pressure. 
And I think we can bind our wounds. 
And it wasn't written every time they wrote this. 
BUSH: Yes, no question about it, but there must also be strong enforcement of the law. 
It is they who have the challenges and it is people who make predictions that it will not be the same. 
She said, "It's not enough to want peace, you have to believe it. And it's not enough to believe in her, you have to work for her." 
Finally, do not deal with the PLO until the PLO recognizes Israel's right to exist and recognizes UN Resolution 242 as the basis for peace in the Middle East. 
Well, we got to that position. 
OBAMA: You know, many of you remember the tragedy of September 11 and where you were that day and, you know, how the whole country was ready to come together and make huge changes not only to make us safer, but also to make us a better country and a more unified country. 
600,000 of them, and perhaps some of them have since obtained it, but a year ago 600,000 of them were actually eligible, but they were unable to register because of the obstacles they had put in place. 
And we have weakened our position in NATO because the other European countries supported democratic forces in Portugal long before we did so; we have remained in Portuguese dictatorships much longer than other democracies in this world. 
We asked his budget office, "Can we see the plan?" 
And I'll be a good president. 
And one of these aims is to eliminate the pay gap between men and women. 
FREDERICK: Mr Valerani, a question for President Ford. 
We must defend their membership of NATO. 
I said eight years ago, they were campaigning on prescription drugs for seniors. 
Because people shouldn't be taxed twice on their assets. 
We have been blessed to have a free and prosperous nation thanks to the contributions of the greatest generation. 
That wasn't the point. 
It's sent home. 
He's got a one-point plan. 
I'll do it in four years. 
I see people in my condition, middle-class people -- their taxes increased in Washington and their services dropped while the rich got tax cuts. 
Regarde Carla Hills. 
Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? 
Four years ago, under similar circumstances, I asked you a question, the American people. 
And for you to humiliate their sacrifices, I feel like... EDWARDS: Oh, I'm not... 
TRUMP: I think we've never had such a serious situation in this country. 
And by the way, he made a few statements. 
These are types of things that, in my view, have occurred in a secular manner and have eroded this separation, and I oppose them. 
Thirdly, as regards medical care for the elderly, it is the same fight that has lasted for twenty-five years in the field of social security. 
I don't think he should say that our prestige is still low. 
What we are talking about is a combination of strong, effective and credible nuclear deterrence. 
We should defend ourselves. 
I was asked to bring it back. 
PENCE: All Donald Trump — all Donald Trump and I said about social security is that we will respect our obligations to our elders. 
More importantly, consumer confidence, as noted by the renowned University of Michigan organization, has been at the highest level since 1972. 
Did he say your position correctly, you're not calling for the elimination of sanctions, are you? 
And Congress, by surpassing the bills I vetoed, added some $13 billion to federal spending and the federal deficit. 
I think a hospital company is a society where every person counts and every person counts. 
I have to say that... 
What's this? 
He voted against the creation of Head Start. 
Forty-three -- more than that -- the states have it, I think. 
KERRY: Jim, the president just said something unusually revealing and frankly very important in this debate. 
Let me answer your question. 
But I also exposed a very strict series of things that we had to do to get out of a position of strength. 
Why do they have to say that we're going to attack Mosul in the next four to six weeks, which is what they're saying? 
And the Taliban are no longer in power. 
I think we need to make fair and responsible choices. 
If you take AFDC, if you take food stamps, if you take - oh, lower the line on the programs of the poor, it is the programs that have suffered greatly as part of the first budget cuts of this administration and it is those that, in the second part of their mandate, we have been able to restore some of these terrible cuts, terribly unfair to the poor of this country. 
And you're saying I'm not taking any responsibility. 
We are moving in the wrong direction; 23 million Americans are fighting for work today; 15% of Americans are living in poverty today. 
Of course. 
We will not make war inevitable. 
What is your plan to repair relations with other countries in view of the current situation? 
That's 10%. 
Mr President, much of what you have said affects the quality of life of many Americans - their incomes, their way of life, etc. - but there is one aspect of quality of life that lies beyond the private sector that has to do with our neighbourhoods, our cities, our streets, our parks, our environment. 
That's not acceptable. 
It is a classic example of wanting to have a program, in this case a tax program, which, in fact, will encourage people to live their lives in certain ways rather than empowering them to make decisions for themselves. 
I think it is important to promote a culture of life. 
Good evening, Mr. Shadel. 
I personally love President Clinton. 
That's not necessary. 
What are you saying? 
And I would like to raise two coincidental events and ask you if you think this could have an impact on attitude across the country. 
And if we're financially responsible and get America back to work, we're gonna fix social security. 
In terms of programs, I submitted, what, four different budgets to the American Congress in detail. 
I think building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making the university debt-free so that more young people can get their education, helping people refinance their university debt at a lower rate. 
But we never, and we will not, support the idea that someone closes a factory here and moves abroad. 
Medicare needs help now. 
I said once, in a frivolous moment, when it came out of the race: If you can't withstand the heat, buy a air conditioning company. 
Going through this country, I think I found great hunger in America for spiritual renewal. 
8 trillion surplus available over the next 10 years. 
And the dynamics are working. 
Betty and I worked very hard to give our children a better future in the United States, our beloved country. 
The Pension Guarantee Fund, which supports our private pension plans for pensioners, is expected to go bankrupt by 2026, not to mention reductions made by private companies. 
And they look at our country and they see what's happening n.s, I'm very embarrassed by that. 
It has a smaller population in Chicago or Los Angeles, about the size of Dallas and Forth Worth combined. 
It's a $3,200 discount. 
We have seven and a half million unemployed people. 
You looked at me like my clock was up. 
And that's why I think we can embody our values by passing a law on hate crimes. 
They will now have to pay co-payments for basic check-ups that can keep them healthier. 
My opponent, in that he is out of the general public, voted against this law. 
Do you both believe that the death penalty deters crime? 
Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: And I think it's time for you to take a stand... TRUMP: She has no idea if it's Russia, China, or anyone else. 
It's put a lot of people out of business. 
What was his participation there? 
OBAMA: Governor Romney, I am glad that you recognize that Al-Qaida is a threat, because a few months ago, when you were asked about the greatest geopolitical threat to America, you said Russia, not Al-Qaida; you said Russia, in the 1980s, they are now calling to ask for their foreign policy because, you know, the cold war has been over for 20 years. 
But I will always remember that the best weapons are those that are never fired in combat, and the best soldier is the one who never has to give his life on the battlefield. 
They grow to 8%. 
Now, the Republican platform is going to cost more, too. 
He supported the policy we have seen towards Yugoslavia. 
Horace Greeley said the only thing that lasts is character. 
That's the point. 
My question and, please, what unpopular measures at the political level are you willing to support, push and stay, which could make real progress in reducing inflation? 
That's right. 
Therefore, this may bring us back to the fundamental disagreement between Governor Palin and myself and Senator McCain and Barack Obama, and that is -- we are going to fundamentally change the direction of economic policy. 
And we must once again set an example and help those other countries that are trying to redress their situation to find the tools to do so. 
But we can make a difference by ensuring that every young person in America, no matter where he comes from, what he looks like, has a chance to succeed. 
We want the freedom to win. 
It is my understanding that Governor Carter, while Governor of Georgia, vetoed thirty-five to forty bills a year. 
TRUMP: Our economy has been booming like it, it has never been booming before. 
More than 60 countries have contributed to disrupting the trans-shipment of information and/or weapons of mass destruction. 
And I think I sang at more weddings and funerals than anyone else to seek the presidency. 
And when we have to find twenty-five thousand new jobs a week for the next ten years, we will have to grow more. 
This is the end of this debate. 
That's what the army said. 
One of the things that happens when you are governor, at least often you have to make difficult decisions. 
Because the trillions of dollars promised to young people were also promised to the elderly. 
They married Al-Qaida and the Taliban. 
I still think it was the right thing to do. 
OMAMA: No, actually, I think Senator McCain and I are mostly in agreement on these issues. 
They did not address the kind of question of whether or not there should be abortion in society as much as to evaluate this particular drug. 
He's the one who got us this agreement on arms control. 
Do you have a problem with that? 
One of the difficulties we have, frankly, in the last eight years, we have ignored many of these problems. 
And we can see it both in Lebanon and in Central America. 
What's the subject? 
I'd rather be able to talk to the Americans the way we just did. 
The people of Serbia acted courageously by sending this guy out of his post. 
We didn't see anything like that, the carnage all over the d.d. they look and they see. 
What role do you want to play as Vice-President, what areas are of interest to you, and what are your qualifications to be President, if necessary? 
We need to put more money into preventive care. 
And I think we have the results to show we're on the right track. 
Thank you, Jim. 
OBAMA: No, I'm confident in the American economy. 
I did the job. 
Have you ever seen Washington more divided? 
I have an audit almost every r.d. in a way, I should complain. 
We also need to look at how we help families balance home and business responsibilities. 
And the companies were giving family leave. 
A mayor of a city like New York, for example, must know, uh - eighteen months or two years in advance what the city will be responsible for administration and financing - in things like housing, uh - pollution control, uh - crime control, education, well-being and health. 
No, you know who the taxpayer is. 
Secondly, we have put in place what is called -- well, first of all, I agree with my opponent that the greatest threat this country faces is weapons of mass destruction in the hands of a terrorist network. 
The requirements have increased. 
I told General Brown that the words he used in this interview, in this particular case and in many others, were very misguided. 
This way, we have Dan whose president is going to take eight years to balance the budget and on my left, the senator, whose boss is going to do it half-balanced in four years. 
We'll go with our allies. » 
The other thing that's on the court, and if it's crushed, what's going on? 
In Europe, we have gathered troops as if the Soviet Union existed and would invade Europe, but this time is over. 
It is very likely that one of us will make at least one and probably more than one appointment and Roe against Wade is probably in balance. 
This is our open discussion. 
There are 26 days left. 
It is the key to the strength of our nation. 
But Saddam Hussein was a unique threat. 
Yeah, that's right. 
The governor proposed to skip the next generation of weapons. 
And Joe does circles and has three people somewhere. 
We need to make sure it works. 
What I was saying is that we are not going to gather 12 million people, without illegal papers, and get them out of the nation. 
Do you think you could do better than President Bush to prevent another 9/11 terrorist attack against the United States? 
But she wrote, before going to the bench, which is her right, that she believes that the Affordable Care Act is not constitutional. 
We don't have inflation because people live too well. 
This will reduce medical errors and costs. 
Let me call it an act of terror... OBAMA: Can you say that a little louder, Candy? 
And that's something I want to lead, something we haven't had in recent years, even though the Vice-President was at least supposedly responsible for this war. 
I think our troops should be used to fight and win the war. 
Absolutely not. 
I don't think another country can get the mantel back. 
We'll give you -- we'll catch up. 
The Trump Foundation is a private family foundation. 
Four, let's say if you receive federal money, measure third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth year. 
Many experts say that a president does not have much control over jobs. 
Barack had 94 opportunities to take sides with people and reduce taxes and 94 times he voted to increase taxes or not support a tax reduction, 94 s. w, that's not what we need to create jobs and really strengthen and heat our economy. 
I'd like to know why you're repeating the sentence, and what's the big problem here? 
No, ma'am, I don't know. 
I mean, maybe you're sending a signal. 
We're doing this all over the world. 
We are doing our best to share information. 
Again this year, we passed a bill in the Senate Congress and he died on the Rules Committee of the House of Representatives. 
It seems to me that there should be an opportunity, as long as it is voluntary, as long as there is no coercion, that an individual should have that right. 
Only when the Supreme Court handed down a decision did the Federal Government intervene in what had always been a State policy. 
You were vice president. 
FORD: At the time, Mr. Gannon, I recommended a tax reduction of $28 billion, three quarters of which was for individual taxpayers and 25% for U.S. businesses. 
That's what the Liberals do. 
We can do it. 
In the first debate... RADDATZ: And really, the audience has to calm down here. 
The hope and opportunity of these Americans is due to the policies we have had over the last eight years, and we want to take advantage of them and change them for the better. 
If they had coverage, insurance companies could impose an arbitrary limit. 
Two years ago, I warned that because of the disorder of subprime loans, because of the lax regulations, we were going to have a potential problem and try to stop some of the mortgage abuses that occurred at the time. 
Yes. 
It's their agenda. 
Actually, he's on Medicare. 
And the fact is, I made it very clear, within 100 days, I will send to the United States Congress a path to citizenship for more than 11 million undocumented people. 
WALLACE: Vice-President Biden- 
We'll do the best we can. 
[laughs] I have much better — she spent — let me tell you — she spent hundreds of millions of dollars in an advertisement — you know, they bring Madison Avenue into a room, they put names — oh, temperament, let's go after — I think my strongest asset, perhaps from afar, is my temperament. 
MONDAL: Because the only type of agreements to be concluded with the Soviet Union are the types specifically defined, so we know exactly what they must do; subject to full verification, which means that we know every day whether they are up to it; and follow them, wherever we find suggestions that they violate it; and the strongest terms possible. 
He's the first president to lose his job in 72 years. 
And if we do that, then we have the ability to be able to react faster. 
I think everyone understands at this stage that we are going through the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. 
Thank you, Governor Carter. 
When I was in a rope line the other day, coming from Wisconsin, a few young returnees were in the line, an active service, one from the Guard. And they looked at me and said, We need you. You have to help us out there. 
We are beginning to see gains in mathematics and science. 
Saddam Hussein was a threat because he could have given weapons of mass destruction to terrorist enemies. 
More than 20 million Americans get their health insurance through the Affordable Care Act. 
Do you support Simpson-Bowles? 
There is no doubt about that. 
Seventy tons of cocaine were arrested. 
This is a case I agree with - with the Republican platform. 
We have already cleaned more in the last three years than the previous two administrations in 12. 
We will have the lower inflation rate for the calendar year this year - something slightly less than 6 percent. 
And Donald Trump — why would he do that? 
We preach in the Declaration of Independence and in the Constitution, in the declaration of our greatest leaders, we preach very high standards; and if we are not to be accused of hypocrisy in front of the world, we must respect those standards. 
But, once again, I want to say to the American people, we are doing everything we can at home, but you better have a president who is prosecuting these terrorists and bringing them to justice before they hurt us again. 
It's very clear to me. 
Mondale, your line, please. 
It worked. 
And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation, which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. 
The real excitement of a Dole/Kemp administration would be to get out of this current tax code that redistributes wealth and creates a whole new system for the 21st century that is pro-family, pro-growth and stop double taxation, triple and quadruple of income from labor, savings, investment and entrepreneurial risk in America. 
Because I understand the stakes of this war against terror. 
Let me translate. 
We make up about 30 per cent of the influence of the world's economic trade power. 
We have a positive plan based on three principles. 
Yesterday, a British government commission on air pollution, but led by a nuclear physicist, recommended that any further expansion of nuclear energy be delayed in Britain for as long as possible. 
I want to work for the universal free school because we know of all the studies that young people learn, children learn more in the first years of life than any other place. 
It can't do anything, but it can make a difference. 
And if that is not the case, I assume that the Governing Council will recommend that the whole matter be referred to the United Nations Security Council for the implementation of international sanctions, which I think would be exactly the right way to proceed. 
So we're distributing free of charge in our state of Texas. 
The United Nations has not succeeded in making Saddam Hussein disappear. 
I know what it takes to balance budgets. 
I would not let the Soviet Union take care of it at all. 
And it's time we had this frenzy of fresh air (sic) -- fresh air blowing coming into the capital of our country and sweeping away the old boys' network and the cronyma that is so much of it that I've been fighting for all these years. 
And let me say, on behalf of the President and the First Lady, how moved we have all been by the outpouring of prayers and concerns for the President. 
Welcome to this second election 2000 debate between the Republican candidate for president, Gov. 
Mr. MONDALE: I think you're right that the polls show that the majority of Hispanics want this bill, so I'm not doing it for political reasons. 
I don't agree with that. 
Including parents in their children's preschool education, even if they are poor and uneducated, can make a huge difference. 
OBAMA: Barry, I think a lot of this campaign, perhaps over the last four years, has been dedicated to this nation that I think the government is creating jobs, that this is in a way the answer. 
I thought there should have been more troops, but you know what? 
The government has a role to play. 
That's why I'm running for president, and that's what I hope we're going to talk about tonight. 
We have appointed Conservatives to our federal courts at all levels. 
We can help build coalitions, but we can't put our troops around the world. 
We need strong borders. 
Because every time there is a problem, the Liberal Governor of Massachusetts increases taxes. 
No, you're wrong. 
Children lie down at night without the same fear of nuclear war. 
CLINTON: I thought the Oregon plan should at least have been allowed to be tried because at least the people in Oregon were trying to do something. 
We can't just put our head in the sand in terms of testing. 
How would you like to avoid the question? 
The Vice-President spoke of sanctions against Iran. 
And the breakdown of the political process in Ukraine between Timoshenko and Yushchenko is a very serious problem. 
Four years ago, you said you'd introduce a law. 
When you go to bed tonight, look at your kids. 
You can't bring back work. 
Do you think it is appropriate for the dignity of the Constitution to tackle the amendments in bulk? 
And recently, when he was asked specific questions about Iraq, he said that there was nothing we could do about it. 
You can have a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, which the President opposed and rejected. 
What I've been talking about, however, the kind of programs I've been talking about, in my opinion, are financially sound. 
We should be able to develop an agricultural policy in that country that gives our farm families a fair price and a decent future without spending $20 to $25 billion a year, which we did under that administration. 
Domestically, what we need to do is have a change that empowers people, not change in the interests of change, tax and spending. 
I think we need to invest in education, environmental protection, health care, a supply of prescription drugs that goes to all seniors, not just the poor, under Medicare, not to rely on HMOs and insurance companies. 
And I think there must be -- I think Mr. Perot and I agree on this point, there must be a national committee of health care providers and consumers who set ceilings to keep health costs in line with inflation, plus population growth. 
We have brought Kuwait back to the emir, but it is still not its nuclear, its chemical, its bacteriology and it is still there, is it? 
What all this, of course, adds to this is that America has not remained motionless. 
If we turn to Helsinki, I'm glad you raised it, Mr. Frankel. 
I see this as a serious problem. 
This is happening in America today, not fast enough, but faster than before, and we think we can speed it up with our plan. 
I believe that the press can play an enormous role in ensuring that circles are clearly presented in an objective way. 
With regard to this question, let me first say that I think that the Vice-President and his wife love their daughter. 
The United States of America must be ready to work with our allies in the region to create a path for a safe passage, and then to protect people in these areas, including with flight-free air, it is very difficult. 
And they really matter when you're president. 
Don't the Americans have a right to know if there are conflicts of interest? 
This is ridiculous. 
Trump, let me... [crosstalk] CLINTON: Well, I think... TRUMP: And I'm gonna tell you, you look at the inner cities and I just left Detroit, and I just left Philadelphia, and I just... you know, you saw me, I've been everywhere. 
Maybe I'm wrong. 
So the question is who will protect this nation, who will protect our people and our children? I need your support, I ask for your vote. 
I was in Vilnius, Lithuania, Independence Square, talking to 10,000 people in the middle of winter. 
What we have right now in Washington is a blocked place. 
There was a restoration of faith, trust and confidence in the presidency because I was open, frank and frank. 
Yet every lonely person, when he went through his indictment, testifying under oath who worked for him, said that I did my job impeccably. 
Now it seems to me to be a simple fairness. 
Seventy-five per cent of his people had been brought to justice. 
Twenty per cent of high-income people pay about 80 per cent of taxes in America today because of the way we structured tax reductions. 
The report that said $650 - which, by the way, many friends of me who know my business say, boy, it's really not a lot of money. 
Go ahead, sir. 
I'm a graduate of the United States. 
That's not true, John. 
Two weeks later, this embassy was bombed. 
Maybe we could extend the education for a while. 
The regulations have quadrupled. 
What's your name? 
Just think in your own business, if you've had all your long-term problems funded in the short term. 
The last budget he led cut the Pell grants, cut the student loans. 
The platform suggests that it can be done through economic growth; that it can, in fact, be done with mirrors. 
And I do not believe at all that I believe that there are fundamental rights and wrongs as long as they are used. 
Again, I would say that if they asked us to play a reasonable role, I don't know how I would react. 
QUESTION: President Obama, at the 2008 National Democratic Convention, you said you wanted to keep the AK-47s out of the hands of criminals. 
And the thought that we would share this with the Soviet Union is, in my opinion, a total non-STARTer. 
We believe that you can maintain the line and limit federal spending, reduce taxes and have a balanced budget by 1978. 
You can redeem if you want with this good, which will not keep pace -- will not keep up with the pace of health care costs. 
CHENEY: Yesterday, the president signed an extension of the middle class tax reductions, the 10 percent tranche, the reduction of the marriage penalty and the increase in the children's tax credit. 
Since the beginning of this campaign, it has been launched, back and forth, on CAFE jobs and standards. 
And that's why I was a strong supporter of the Arias Plan, a plan that won the Nobel Prize from President Arias, the President of Costa Rica. 
LEHRER: Senator Dole, at the Republican convention, you said the following and I quote, it is humiliating for the nation that, within the Clinton administration, a core of the elite who never grew up, never did anything real, never sacrificed, never suffered, and never learned should have the power to finance with your winnings their questionable and selfish plans, final quote. 
And so I would say that the concept of the Dukakis family has my great respect. 
You can't. 
I mean... 
For the millions of good-quality people who have done the unthinkable and taken their country back into their hands and put me to the vote, let me promise you that tonight is just the beginning. 
And you still haven't mentioned it. 
It won't work if we open a dialogue with Kim Jong Il. 
You have used the term "carte" so many times since Governor Dukakis first recognized that he was a cardholder member of the ACLU that some people have come to believe that you used him to mark him in some way, to identify him as people who were identified in the 1950s as being less than patriotic. 
No one can promise that, there's too much change in the world. 
And if that's the case, that's fine. 
I have no quarrel with the things that have been done, because I believe it is high time that the civilized countries of the world clearly show that there is no place in terrorism all over the world; there will be no negotiation with terrorists of any kind. 
You had a bunch of oil companies that had leases on public land that they didn't use. 
You're gonna have socialized medicine. 
It's gonna have to be used in Afghanistan. 
President Carter's rebuttal now. 
He was talking about Castro's regime and what we had done in Latin America. 
It's an important matter. 
I'd like to follow up on this Vice-President. 
Mrs Ferraro, what do you think about the separation of the Church and the State with regard to abortions, and do you think it was right for the Archbishop of Philadelphia to read these letters in the pulpit and urge voters to fight against abortion by their vote? 
I would like to know from the governor -- I know we're not supposed to ask ourselves questions -- but I would be interested to know, is that trillion dollars coming from the trust fund, or is it coming from the rest of the budget? 
The work we have done on sanctions now offers Iran a choice. 
I believe that part of the reason we have a difficult situation is because we made a bad judgment in Iraq in the first place when we had not finished hunting Bin Laden and crushing Al-Qaeda. 
The rules, drawn from the campaigns, are essentially the same as for the Hartford and St. Petersburg debates; 90 second answers, 60 second refutations, 30 second answers for each question. 
What we have to do is continue to work, as the Ministry of Labour does first-class work, to break discrimination, to break the glass ceiling. 
Of course. 
Maybe that was what happened back then. 
RYAN: It's taxing a million small businesses... BIDEN: Small businesses? 
This is the fourth time that this is happening -- an identical attack in the same region, despite the warnings -- even public -- of terrorists. 
I'm not satisfied when I see men like Jimmy Hoffa - in charge of the biggest union in the United States - still free. 
I think the experience of the 1920s has shown what a free market could do to agriculture. 
You don't cross the lines of the state when you buy other things in America? 
First, life and freedom. 
It's the same overall strategy. 
Christopher Wray, the FBI director, said the same thing, but Donald Trump, the commander-in-chief of the United States of America, prefers to speak to Vladimir Putin about the American intelligence community. 
Senator Obama was the second largest recipient of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's money in history -- in history. 
These are not the secrets of the nuclear bomb. 
GIBSON: Good evening at Field House, University of Washington, St. Louis. 
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris support taxpayers' funding for abortion, up to the time of birth, of abortion over time. 
But I also share your conviction that the weapons that were designed for soldiers in the theatres of war do not belong to our streets. 
But I believe - we want to make sure that we have friendly relations with the people who take their place, that in the years to come we see Syria as a friend, and Syria as a responsible party in the Middle East. 
During the first two weeks, some are seated on the floor until they are reassigned. 
In terms of the negative campaign, you know, I don't want to look like a child in the schoolyard: he started it. 
So I'll take my responsibility seriously. 
In the Middle East, as you know, I have worked very hard for peace in the Middle East. 
Forget the reporters. 
Now, the social security tax of 77 -- it was indeed a tax that hit people in the hardest lower brackets. 
Wait, he didn't get three and a half million dollars, Joe? 
And it's not mine -- only my opinion. 
And it was the President's fiscal policies that led to the biggest deficits in American history. 
But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a nice thing, and then five policemen were killed one night very violently. 
Gentlemen, I want to move on to another subject. 
The democratic leaders of Central America and Latin America want to work with us. 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, we have a number of questions on this, and I'm just curious that you're going further on what you've been talking about with the reform of criminal liability. 
Compile a number, $25,000, $50,000. 
OBAMA: I think they have engaged in evil behavior and I think it is important that we understand that they are not the former Soviet Union, but they still have nationalist impulses which, I think, are very dangerous. 
Now I'll make sure you get it. 
We must recognize that this country lives in such a way as to build an alliance with our free enterprise system that can build a better America for our children and grandchildren. 
First of all, we must have adequate preparation for a summit conference. 
They cannot live in the community in which they grew up. 
And I'll do a good job, because I'm engaged. 
And you let these people follow the overall policy guidelines, not look over their shoulder and deny how they go to work. 
Spencer ? 
He has experience. 
We agree on a few points on education. 
That is not the position of the President. 
And by the way, I just want to make sure -- I can't let him say something and not correct it. 
You're looking at how we get a balanced budget in eight to ten years. We do this by getting -- by reducing spending in a whole series of programs. 
Why destabilize our relationship? 
And let's talk about the people we control. 
Excuse me. 
Of course, we know what a vice president is doing. 
Certainly, certainly, overlapping. 
Did our administration push Iraq's total formation? That's not true. 
And, Mr. 
He employed tens of thousands of people in that country. 
the Democratic Party candidate for re-election to the presidency. 
That's why I strongly supported the Motor Voter Act. 
These are clear votes that Senator Obama voted, I believe, in direct contradiction to the feelings and views of the American public. 
Governor Romney had a very different answer. 
You voted for and for your file -- GORE: No. 
I don't think young Americans are interest groups, I think they are our future. 
We have 13,000 strategic nuclear warheads right now on land, at sea and in the air, enough to blow up the Soviet Union forty times. 
This has nothing to do with learning. 
Hon.Quayle: Senator Bentsen is the CIP number one. 
This administration - and I support this administration and its environmental efforts - has moved to the region for the first time to address the ozone problem. 
So I think the tone of this campaign could have been very different. 
And you're gonna stop them? I don't think so. 
DUKAKIS: 28 years ago, when a young man had just graduated from law school, I came to this city, I came across the country, to watch John Kennedy be appointed to the presidency of the United States, right here in Los Angeles. 
I participated in a number of efforts to take over the leadership of Al-Qaida when I was Secretary of State, including, of course, taking over the leadership of Bin Laden. 
And I know how governments, how American governments can be -- can be brave, and how they can be calmed down. 
I think now, with regard to Quemoy and Matsu, that the question is not these two small pieces of real estate - they are irrelevant. 
But, guess what, in the meantime, we find out in the New York Times the other day that, in fact, his parents went to Wall Street and said, "it's a really dangerous thing," and a memo from that meeting — not from his administration, but from some brokers — said, "sell short, because we have to move. 
The best expression of my family values is that tonight is my 17th anniversary, and I would like to close my question by just wishing my wife a happy birthday and thanking my daughter for being here. 
Donald Trump's idea that more nations should get nuclear weapons, Saudi Arabia, Japan, South Korea. 
This administration arrived and put in a James Watt, an Ann Gorsuch, now it's Bonnie and Clyde, really, from environmental protection. 
But Dr. Slavoui, the head of your warp speed operation, said exactly the same thing. 
Now, let's talk about -- the next question is to talk about the collapse of subprime loans. 
He didn't do anything. 
KAINE: Yes, we're talking about the state of...[crosstalk] PENCE: Let me interrupt you — let me interrupt you and finish my sentence, if I can. 
CLINTON: Well, I am encouraged that there is an effort led by the Iraqi army, supported by Kurdish forces, and also through the help and advice of the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground. 
As Jim Lehrer told you before the first, these debates are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Commission. 
Everyone must be respected by the law, and everyone must respect the law. 
(Applause) SHAW: Governor Dukakis, you have a minute to answer, sir. 
Enjoy the opportunity to have a good and honest dialogue on our differences of opinion. 
I don't think we can hand over that kind of collective defence decision to the United Nations or anything else. 
Gentlemen, I hate to raise my voice, but I... why should I be different from you two? 
I'm sure it was the most romantic place you can imagine here -- here with me. 
He said, "The dollar stops here." 
And it's just based on very modest projections, but I think it's correct, of the increase in employment and - a growth of our national economy equal to what was experienced under Kennedy, Johnson, before the Vietnam War. 
GORE: Well, the difference between the Perot-stockdale plan and the Clinton-Gore plan is that Ross Perot's plan focuses almost exclusively on fiscal balance and the reduction of the budget deficit, and the danger is that if that is the only goal, it can bring our nation back into an even worse recession. 
We now spend 700 percent more on unemployment compensation than we did eight years ago when the Republicans took control of the White House. 
That's exactly what it is. 
And that was the serious threat. 
John, you want to give the oil companies $4 billion. 
He absolutely said it. 
Believe me, he's not a happy camper. 
But no one cared much. 
LIEBERMAN: We do not spend more than expected by the experts, unlike our opponents. 
All right, the war is over; we know that it is dropping mustard gas on its own people, we know that it is threatened to incinerate half of Israel. 
I hope these aren't horrible things. 
He's running against Joe Biden. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I hope that all the Americans who are watching us, who are listening to us and who are trying to make their decision on which one of us should be President of the United States listen very carefully to the Vice-President. 
But here's the problem: if we give them to the oil companies, then it means that there are those who are not going to get them. 
KENNEDY: Well, the vice-president and I came to Congress together in 1946; we both sat on the Labour Committee. 
I am particularly concerned about what has happened to our medical care system because of the increased rates of insurance against professional misconduct, because we have failed to adequately reform our medical accountability structure. 
I think it's part of the crime infested with neighborhoods, and that's why I'm a strong believer trying to control the crime in the neighborhood, why I was so happy to be approved by the police on the pace, the Boston Police Service the other day. 
His inability to manage the environment, they're flooded, they're burned because his refusal to do anything. 
We're talking about respecting the American people. 
When they don't pay their taxes, the average American pays taxes for them. 
In these areas, I find it hard to see what your program is and what you think federal responsibility is in those areas of quality of life in the public sector that affect everyone, and even the enormous wealth of an individual cannot create the kind of environment that he or she might like. 
WALLACE: Good evening at Case Western Reserve Health Education Campus and Cleveland Clinic. 
If it's incest, how do you draw moral judgments on it? 
PENCE: – and I will speak in the name of what the American people have done. 
Now they look at us and say, is it a good idea to be with America? 
And you heard one of the last things he mentioned was the border y. ts how Washington always plays. 
The companies are leaving. 
Anyway, why are you holding the big rallies? 
Let me tell you what was a good idea. 
You pay $500 for a $5 hammer, you don't buy strength. 
CLINTON: Well, I heard Donald say that at his rallies, and it's really a shame that he paints such a negative image of the black communities in our country. 
He added that he will deal with acid rain legislation and reduce millions of tonnes of S02 content. 
He said it was a wise gesture. 
We did the right thing. 
What should I have done? 
And finally, he said he was going to have a new health care plan. 
I'm gonna have to tell Mr. 
But if you think that we must start again in the 1960s, that the function of the President is to put before the people the unfinished business of our society as Franklin Roosevelt did in the 1930s, the agenda for our people - what we must do as a society to meet our needs in this country and protect our security and help the cause of freedom. 
But if guilt is established, whoever is guilty we will deal with this situation then, and they will be removed. 
They're from a fertility clinic. 
So what you had was that you had overwhelming "deregulation." 
WADA supported what we did. 
They didn't want gifts. 
We can fill a gap in delivery, and that begins by ensuring that we have strong accountability, Jim. 
My son. 
And guess who could get crushed? 
They were expelled. 
We must have a package of reforms and that must lead to a reform of prosperity and peace in the world. 
An administration that wants billions on weapons systems that we do not need and that we cannot afford, and that now confronts us with a very serious problem, and factories that are supposed to produce tritium and plutonium and provide the materials needed for existing weapons. 
I would say this: that we will set ourselves the objective of a steady and gradual reduction of the deficit, which will require difficult choices on spending; that will require a good rate of strong economic growth; that will require a plan that the President will work with Congress not blame them, the fact with them, which will reduce this deficit; that will force us to go out and collect billions and billions of dollars of taxes due that are not paid in this country. 
JENNINGS: Without passion, technocratic, the smartest clerk in the world. 
I understand that the Department of State and the Department of Defence have approved the accuracy of today's report, or yesterday's report, as well as the National Security Agency. 
All right, and then give your rebuttal. 
We need to invest in the affordability of the university. 
And I think what I don't know is what we don't all know, and that's what's going to happen here and abroad. 
But I don't think the IMF should be a loss stop for people who should be able to assess the risks themselves. 
I appointed four Supreme Court judges in the state of Texas and asked people to check their qualifications, their deliberations. 
Now someone lives — I didn't hear the numbers or statistics you say — but they make a lot of money. 
You don't want us to mention the appointees, but when you see the quality of the people in our administration, see how Colin Powell did -- I say administration -- HEARING_QUESTION: (Inaudible). 
And the evidence is that our oil imports have come down to the lowest levels in 20 years. 
We must tackle this problem, and those of us who want to be your president should now tell you what we are going to do, so that you can make a judgment. 
Some of this land may have to be set aside. 
Not just the rich. 
And that's why I support it. 
First, let me say that I have spent more time and life on this subject in the last 12 years than any other question. 
I'm not gonna be a picker and a picker. 
And you know, according to my mother, my wife and my daughter, this world would be much better if women run it most of the time. 
When you make this judgment, you decide not only the future of our nation, but with deep respect, you decide the future of the world. 
You have suggested new spending programmes and even some Republicans say that the flexible freeze you have just mentioned will not hurt the deficit. 
Mr. OBAMA: Mr.Governor, we produced more oil -- ROMNEY: No, no. 
It was the United States of America. 
When he arrived in Osama bin Laden, the president on the first day in office, I was sitting with him in the oval office, he called the CIA and signed an order saying, "My top priority is getting bin Laden." 
But if anyone — and I will ask the press — wanted to call Sean Hannity, it was before the war began. 
Once there, we could have continued these inspections. 
Look over there. 
2 billion in its eight years of office. 
And that -- don't take my word, take the executives of GM and Chrysler, some of whom are Republicans, can even support Governor Romney. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator, 90 seconds. 
But we have to go through this time, but I have a fundamental belief in the United States of America. 
Today, the Secretary of State is in the Middle East and they have begun negotiations and all these leaders have promised me that they will not give up until they resolve the problems among themselves and the peace process has resumed. 
They live all over the country. 
And, finally, who would you give your pension fund and savings account to manage? 
Laura and I are proud of teenage parents, twin girls, and I know what you're saying. 
That's what I'm talking about. 
It's all covered in the plan. 
It's ad hoc, no matter what happens, we'll take care of it. 
We don't have a patient rights statement because of a man today, the President of the United States. 
Vice President Pence, you're the former governor of Indiana. 
He said he wasn't even demonstrating -- he told Arkansas people in 1978. 
It's connected. 
I signed the partial birth - the prohibition of abortion at partial birth. 
And the only rewarding thing is that I saw the polls coming today, and with all that money...HOLT: We have to move on to the last question. 
I want new incentives for savings and investment for young couples working hard so that they can save and invest alone in addition to social security, not at the expense of social security, as the governor proposes. 
And I ask the American people to give me another opportunity and I will rest on my file, but I will also tell you, when times are hard, we need a firm hand to the slab and the great honour of my life was to always put my country first. 
President Trump, you go first. 
My opponent just said something extraordinary. 
I agree with you. 
And it sends a confusing signal to people. 
When we came out of World War II, it made sense. 
I gave about six months before the date of entry into force of the act before prosecutions could be brought, even if they are in force now, and can be legally binding, because I want to change Cuba. 
We're going to enter a new competitive age, and we need that kind of thing. 
The president has been tested, the president has integrity and character. 
And I can tell you that the safety of your young men and women serving in the army is my priority right after the security of our country. 
My balanced budget plan takes ten years on health insurance. 
We fought for the right at Palm Beach to put on the American flag. 
We have recognized the permanent communist regime in East Germany. 
She said she was awake at 3:00 in the morning, and she also tweeted at 3:00 in the morning, but I didn't even mention it. 
I do not want us to go back to Fm using this word wisely a liberal majority that will legislate the House. 
Well, I'm trying to articulate my positions as clearly as possible, tell people what I'm defending and let them decide whether they're going to support me or not. 
BIden: 38,000 prisoners were released from the federal prison. 
And the data he uses are old. It's from 2003. 
John McCain has voted 20 times over the past decade against financing alternative energy sources, clean energy sources, wind, solar and biofuels. 
And all I've tried to do, and all I'm proposing now for the next four years, in terms of improving our education system or developing American energy, or making sure we're closing loopholes for companies that ship jobs abroad and focusing on small businesses and businesses that create jobs here in the United States, or reducing our deficit in a responsible and balanced way that allows us to invest in our future. 
More and more women are being elected. 
There was hatred. 
He's talking about definanceing the police. 
Many of them are. 
Part of what you said and Senator Kerry said that you are going to do to get us out of the problems in Iraq is to internationalize the effort. 
This is not a good way to build support and reduce the risk to our troops and make America safer. 
I know that you signed a ban on assault weapons when you were in Massachusetts, of course, with this question, you no longer support it. 
And we fully support t.d. Trump and I will ensure that the law enforcement agencies have the resources and tools to truly restore law and order in the cities and communities of this country. 
But I have to tell you, I think the legalization of narcotics or something of this nature, in the face of medical evidence, would be totally counterproductive. 
(CROSSTALK)_LEHRER : Gouverneur ? 
I'm Catholic. 
It's the only country he's ever known. 
Uh - that would mean a reduction in the Soviet program; that would not interfere with our own program. 
I would specifically target Baghdadi, because I believe that our targeting of Al-Qaida leaders - and I have been involved in many of these operations, highly classified operations - has made a difference. 
I'm Bernard Shaw from CNN, Cable News Network. 
This is the way for them to arm Hezbollah in Lebanon, which, of course, threatens our ally, Israel. 
What about the drugs that have increased, doubled over the past 44 months? 
We will make sure that the American people know the truth about why we use force and explanation. 
And that's what we're gonna do. 
But first, Governor Romney, do you have a question you'd like to ask the president directly about something he just said? 
They planted them with centrifuges that were moving away. 
I'm pro-life. 
We must be sure to maintain this. 
And, believe me, anyone who knows me understands that I have a very low tolerance for non-performance too. 
We talked a lot this evening about job creation. 
It's not a lot of money compared to what I had. 
When I'm done, I'll have the chance to... 
This is simply not the case. 
And I was a careful steward of your taxes. 
I don't know what time it is, but he's probably late. 
But they'll tell you that his prescription wasn't going to work. 
My opponent voted against the ban. 
I have a difference with Mr Perot on this because I do not think that social security should be affected. 
This is not the way to win friends and allies. 
Yes. 
No, I mean, he clarified what he meant. 
There's two dollars. 
The car workers you meet in Toledo or Detroit are so proud to build the best cars in the world, not only because of a paycheck, but because it gives them that sense of pride, that they help build America. 
And under the plan I proposed, 80% of all family farms will be completely exempt from property tax. 
I believe a lot in our renewable capacities; ethanol, wind, solar will be an important part of our energy mix. 
I said I would cut taxes for small businesses, which are the engines and engines of growth. 
You must have mandatory tests. 
And that's the result of that president who took Osama bin Laden's eye off. 
I'll make sure you have a job. 
We simply cannot ignore the fact that, in these cities today, we have 55% unemployment among black and Hispanic youth. 
I don't think we have to cut our army. 
BUSH: I spoke to New Orleans about a sweeter and nicer nation and I made specific proposals on education and the environment, ethics and energy, and how to better fight crime in our country. 
All new teachers must be tested, including in the subjects they teach. 
Let me go back to the remaining $1.8 trillion we both talked about. 
Did you claim that the Eisenhower administration was responsible for the construction of these schools, or did it happen in the local school districts? 
Blanc. 
We can't focus on Iraq. 
We can't punish them anymore. 
And it is true that this will be, I think, one of the next President's most important decisions. 
They take hostage the middle class tax cut for the super rich. 
The mayor up there, on the program. 
PAGE: Senator Harris 
We have never had citizenship tests in our country, and I don't think we should have a citizenship card today. 
I have my little foundation that raised about $10 million for the disabled. 
I guess my MP, I'm sorry. 
It would cost something like a trillion dollars to test and deploy weapons. 
But I have a proper background, I think. 
According to the polls, the number one national issue for a majority of voters is drugs. 
And it seems to me that when you make a decision, the decision is made by the President of the United States, by the Commander-in-Chief. 
It also means that we help them, as well as small businesses, to export all over the world to new markets. 
The Freedom Support Act is something I've got from Congress, and it's a very good thing, because it's doing exactly what you're saying, and I think you agree with that, to help Russian democracy. 
They humiliated the Holy Father. 
Mr President, do you have a secret plan to balance the budget in a second term, and if so, could you present it to us tonight? 
I was 19 or 20 years old flying over an aircraft carrier and it shaped me to be commander-in-chief of the armed forces. 
I think we have something to do with that, as we have with the drug problem at the national level. 
But much more important than that, people said $750. 
I think that's the tone. 
We must disagree on ideas, honestly, and talk about the future. 
RADDATZ: And we want to access some questions online... TRUMP: Am I allowed to answer that? 
TRUMP: Well, D. C. vs Heller's decision was very strong -- and she was extremely angry about it. 
This is a new two-minute question, Senator Kerry. 
Two. 
Mr Ford has - since he has been working on more than $5 billion in cuts for corporations, special interest groups, and the very, very rich people who earn their income - not from work - but from investments. 
Nor have we done anything that, in my opinion, a number of people across the country recognize, which is put -- put people in a position where they will lose the assurance that they had and wanted. 
This is ridiculous. 
That's not true, Governor Romney. 
TRUMP: Let them out of the subject of China, let them talk around the table. 
You know what they're saying? 
Your bonuses are increasing. 
We are all surrounded by very strong women. 
TRUMP: Well, I have to say that, you know, for what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia, she's very cavalier in the way she talks about different countries. 
None of them were — none of them were guilty of what the crime was, the crimes that were suggested. 
And I hope that happens. 
And if we do not act today, the problem will be valued in the trillions. 
The reality is that we will have a vaccine, we believe, before the end of this year, and it will have the ability to save countless American lives. 
We Irish call him malarkey. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: Actually, I'm going to have to do this because we didn't have one, but two detailed studies that indicate that there are billions and billions of dollars to be collected that are not paid, they are not taxes owed by the average Americans. 
But what we have also been able to do is position ourselves to start rebuilding America, and that's what my plan does. 
And we honor all the services they have rendered. 
And I just want to say that even if the record is good, it has to be better. 
There has never been a country on Earth that has seen its economy decline and yet maintained its military superiority. 
Another thing that I was concerned about was what Mr Ford said about unemployment: - insinuating that under Johnson and Kennedy unemployment could only be retained when this country was at war. 
We don't make those choices. 
Cruz, who was to be the only viable candidate in Nicaragua, the Sandinists, to the junta, to Mr Ortega, went there and found that the basic rules were so unfair that he could not even run a campaign. 
If you watched my TV show the other night, you saw it. 
My opponent is having joined the International Criminal Court. 
Under the 1981 tax bill, individuals earning $200,000 per year received $60,000 in tax relief over three years, while individuals earning $30,000 per year, all taxes considered, received no relief at all or their taxes actually increased. 
We must both reduce the deficit and move our economy through this kind of investment to get the kind of wealth, jobs and income we need in America. 
Mr President, the next question is for you, and it comes from James Hubb here. 
But our training programs at this time, we have 47 of them, housed in the federal government, under eight different agencies. 
It has to change, and it'll be under Bob Dole and Jack Kemp. 
I think there may be a political reason why you can't say it, but I really don't believe in New York, stop-and-frisk, we had 2,200 murders, and stop-and-frisk brought it back to 500 murders. 
And it has become worse under President Bush in recent years. 
Governor Romney, you said it was an example of an American policy in the Middle East that is unleashing in front of us. 
Because Soviet change is not yet fully established. 
How will these families be brought together? 
I said something the other day that I was accused of being like Joe McCarthy because I interviewed -- I said it that way; I think it's wrong to protest against your own country or to organize demonstrations against your own country on foreign soil. 
This man killed tens of thousands of people. 
Both candidates will also have two-minute closing statements. 
Mr. Bush chose Dan Quayle. 
Go ahead and vote. 
I couldn't be more in disagreement. 
She's talking about health care. 
These are the concerns of the people who are watching us tonight. 
I think the president owes it to family values to show that he appreciates America's families. 
Hon.GIBSON: Would you like to follow up, senator? 
And we're gonna give you $122 more if you're in that range of about $20,000 per year of income. 
We will not outsource our responsibility to protect this country. 
PENCE: Well, our heart breaks for the loss of all innocent American life, and Breonna Taylor's family has our sympathies. 
Even today, police officers have been killed. 
There could be a crisis, for example, in the financial field, the stock market could collapse, there could be a failure of a large financial institution. 
This tax would actually impose about 53 per cent of the income of small businesses. 
It's about fighting for a HMO patient's declaration of rights. 
Ronald Reagan and I trusted the American people. 
And so with that, if you're ready, let go. 
She's going to vote in November. 
What will you say in your address to the Americans who did not vote for you? 
For my parents. 
We're moving on. 
Would you say that this was a valid criticism of your foreign policy statement? 
It's a record nobody's ever seen before. 
What I would really like — in a second administration — but not at a level that will put all these companies out of business. 
Your family has three and a half million dollars and you know that one day you'll have to explain to yourself... why do you have three and a half dollars? 
I know how it feels when an army is defeated. 
I was against the war in Iraq. 
Yes. 
I think that after 11 September, the President did an excellent job. 
We have seen progress, even under Republican control of the House of Representatives. 
You can't decide the rights and wrongs of this. 
WELKER: — To my next question, gentlemen. 
Number two is to cut spending. 
And I'd like to know where we were defeated and where we got back? 
I'm gonna cut the big league taxes, and you're gonna raise the big league taxes, end of story. 
One more time. 
Did I make a difference in the United States Senate where I served for eight years? Yes, I did. 
We're changing the language. 
Hunter got fired from the army. 
We must also continue to index social security payments, so that if inflation increases, social security payments will increase proportionally to allow the purchasing power of social security control to continue to be intact. 
I will moderate our discussion according to the detailed rules agreed by the candidates, but the questions and areas to be covered have been chosen by me. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President? 
What happens to people who are forced to leave military service, or if they lose their jobs because they work in the defence industries. 
And then, all of a sudden, this summer, he says, oh, I'm not for a salary or a play. 
The main issue is not to provide technical assistance to schools trying to implement the decision. 
Because you have to remember that CAP money is the result of the latest campaign reform bill, which talks about greater employee participation. 
Washington, for itself, can't do anything. 
Don Nichols on the International Law on Religious Freedom. 
I had a good conversation with him recently. 
We must have rewards. 
And this administration in recent years has ousted the educational programmes made available to our young people. 
She started to decline, but she's still on the rise. 
You have the ability to decide where America is going. 
And if, in Al Gore and Bill Clinton, it's in a way, the down economy. 
And -- and -- we shouldn't have wasted those four years to the extent that they -- they continue to be able to turn these centrifuges and get closer to them. 
When he was campaigning in New Hampshire, he said I'm for pay health insurance. 
We will take responsibility. 
Please, everybody. 
We shouldn't lend money to corrupt officials. 
I think it would be bad for the country; I think it would be bad for the teaching profession. 
It has created 10 and a half million new jobs. 
We have to remember that when we talk about a tax reduction, we're just talking about reducing a tax increase, because this administration left us with an integrated tax increase of $86 billion next year. 
These cops aren't happy to see what happened to George Floyd. 
And if this tragedy were to happen, we must intervene in this without any margin of error, without any time of preparation, to take responsibility for the greatest work in the world, that of leading our great country; to take the impressive responsibility to command the nuclear weapons that this country has. 
This would give us an opportunity to sit down and negotiate a treaty. 
Now, in fairness to Secretary Clinton_yes, are you okay? 
Your son said we had to give the big man 10%. 
They didn't put the alliances together to make it happen either. 
Mr. Perot will tell you, for example, that the expert he hired to analyze his plan indicates that he will reduce the deficit in five years' time, but that he will make unemployment bad for another four years. 
I believe that in cases where international custom calls for the expression of regret, if this would have kept the summit, it was, in my opinion, an appropriate action. 
You missed 33 of the 36 meetings of the Judicial Committee, almost 70 per cent of the meetings of the Intelligence Committee. 
And we looked at this. 
To enter and tell our farmers not to grow corn, not to grow soybeans is the kind of agricultural policy that you will have under the administration of Dukakis and I think the American farmer will rightly reject. 
This requires a cold hand at the slab. 
He'll have two minutes to answer. 
What we need is to be able to cross the driveway. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, this question concerns you from the Internet. 
President Ford and Governor Carter did not prepare notes or comments with them tonight, but they can take notes and refer to them during the debate. 
That's the truth, and the Americans know and deserve it. 
I'd have frozen the expenses first, okay? 
You have to read what he said... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Let... let...MCCain: You have to read what he said. 
The Patriot Act is necessary, for example, because some parts of the FBI could not talk to each other. 
And I'm not going to give these jobs of the future to these countries. 
These plans are better than this $550 billion tax system. 
And the reason why President Eisenhower's vetoes were supported - the reason why Congress does not send him bills that they believe will be put to the vote - is that the people and Congress, the majority of them, know that the country is behind the President. 
CLINTON: I would like to thank the people of Saint Louis University and Washington, the Presidential Debate Commission and all those who made it possible this night. 
Because we want this trend towards democracy to continue. 
4 billions. 
He didn't have to, and he did, and we all liked him. 
You're going to live in a peaceful world. 
Attendez, Joe. 
Actually, I'm gonna apologize. 
PAGE: Well, let us go – 
We are talking about two million people. 
It was instead a deficit of $200 billion. 
I've been vice president for four years. 
I'm Tom Brokaw from NBC News. 
We need a new approach. 
And the fact is, it's gotten pretty hard. 
I'm not going to roll, as Mr. Mondale suggests, and give them something that could turn around and be used against us. 
And, Secretary Clinton, I want to follow up on the e-mails. 
We need a reform of campaign financing, and we need to get right with young people and old people and tell them what the real choices are. 
And the Pakistanis will have to understand that this attack at the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad was the signal of the terrorists that they do not want this government to cooperate with us in the fight against the Taliban and jihadist elements. 
There is a partnership in our country. 
CHENEY: Gwen, Kerry's tax record is essentially a vote for a large number of tax increases -- 98 times in the U.S. Senate. 
Or India. 
You have both expressed the desire to end the nuclear arms race with Russia, but by very different methods. 
MODERATOR: But you think that would not have happened - do you think Milosevic would not have fallen if the United States and NATO had not intervened militarily? 
We don't call a redistribution in my Scranton, Claymont, Wilmington, the places where I grew up, to give the fair to say that not to give Exxon Mobil another $4 billion tax cut this year as John calls it and give it to middle class people to be able to pay to bring their children to university, we don't call this redistribution. 
Jim, I had the great experience -- it didn't seem like she was at the time -- of being elected to a state where my legislature was 87 percent democrat. 
I guess we were hoping when he made that speech that we wouldn't go into a war. 
They will also know that we live in a world with terrible weapons, nuclear weapons of a terrible destructive power, directed against each other, capable of crossing the ocean in a few minutes and destroying civilization as we knew it. 
You got your chance and it didn't work out. 
Think about it. 
Haiti is at best very ambiguous. 
Hon.WOODRUF: Senator Quayle, your answer? 
It is the age of his ideas that I question. 
Mr President, as we continue to monitor the world, how do you intend to maintain our military presence without re-establishing a project? 
Despite all this, I was able to go to the best schools on earth and I was able to succeed in a way that I could not have succeeded anywhere else in this country. 
But let us not come back and continue to attack an agricultural bill that has been passed with overwhelming democratic and republican support. 
Moreover, the strengthening of military forces is good for our country because we must have military forces to preserve peace. 
Again, leave time for each other, please. 
You don't send troops to war without the armor of the body they need. 
I talked to black mothers. 
I would like him to join me, in fact, in appealing to the American people for the balanced budget amendment for the federal government and for the veto. 
John's been in Congress for 20 years. 
I'm not taking advantage of it, but I'm sure he'll make me a partner in decision-making, in decision-making about how to manage health care, in how to get this economy back on track anyway. 
But I was wrong because I thought that the tax compromise, with a democratic tax increase, would help the economy. 
But this year, you said it, and I quote. 
Mr. KONDRACKE (spoke in French): Mr. President, four years ago you criticized President Carter for ignoring the many warnings that our diplomats in Iran could be taken hostage. 
But the question goes to a very difficult question: How do you do it? 
Mr. Vice-President, a new question for you. 
Tell Silvio Berlusconi we're going alone. 
New question, two minutes. 
But I'm not to do anything that would affect hunters or athletes, rifles, shotguns, existing handguns. 
And as far as George Floyd is concerned, there is no excuse for what happened to George Floyd. 
It's not good enough. 
And the important reason is that all the other issues, that prescription drugs for all seniors who are opposed by drug companies or the patient's bill of rights to make decisions away from HMOs and to give them to doctors and nurses, opposed by HMOs and insurance companies, all these other proposals will be much easier to pass on to the American people if we limit the influence of special interest money and make democracy to the American people. 
I mean, you know, everyone in the general public is going to say, oh, that's not true. 
There are many people who believe that the only way to turn this country is to impose the middle class more and punish it more, but the truth is that middle-class Americans are basically the only group of Americans that have been taxed more in the 1980s and in the last 12 years, even though their incomes have declined. 
He also raised the question of your e-mails. 
WALLACE: Over the past four years, you have never developed a comprehensive plan to replace Obamacare, and this Thursday alone, you have signed a largely symbolic executive order to protect people with pre-existing conditions five days before this debate. 
Governor Carter, your answer. 
DOLE: Well, I am opposed to discrimination in any form, but I am not in favour of creating special rights for any group. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Senator? 
It costs $20-25 billion a year, and I want these outrageous requests to be capped. 
When he says buildings, they want to cut down buildings because they want to make bigger windows in smaller windows. 
What is your response to this accusation against you and the President? 
I don't know how you can defend this position now, but I know that you know especially with your son at the National Guard and I have a lot of respect for your family as well as the honour you show to our army. 
They put in place a plan, a bipartite plan. 
I couldn't send soldiers to northern Iraq, which would have been wrong. 
I therefore think that it is very important for us to allow them to bear the burden more and more and for us to bring this money back here and rebuild our infrastructure, because we can be a superpower only if we are an economic superpower; and we can be an economic superpower only if we have a growing basis for employment. 
In addition to everything else, forest floors are loaded with trees, dead trees that are years old and they are like tinder and leaves and everything else. 
I think that would help in terms of shelter. 
Ann Compton for Gov Dukakis. 
I would like to thank the IT and electronics leaders of Silicon Valley, two-thirds of whom are Republicans, who said they want to engage in a change to create a new America. 
RYAN: Our whole premise of these tax reform plans is to grow the economy and create jobs. 
That's because we've had 12 years of savings. 
Just a few seconds, really. 
With regard to abortion at partial birth, I fully support the prohibition of abortion at term, partial or other birth, as long as there is an exception for the health and life of the mother, and it did not contain this exception. 
It is hardly a treaty and an opposition to the limitation of arms. 
I'll tell you what's worse. 
I also want to go to Washington to do positive things. 
It's the vice president. 
I see this as a question of values. 
OBAMA: The problem is that on a whole series of issues, be it in the Middle East, be it Afghanistan, Iraq, be it Iran now, you have been on the map. 
Let me come back with you very briefly. 
That's what I've been doing for four years. 
Senator Quayle, yours is the first closing statement. 
The cold war is over. 
I want voters to make a decision. 
If you are elected, what could you give to this country as a man, as a human being, that no one else could? 
It is a matter of priorities and values. 
And 100 percent, John, of your ads -- 100 percent of them were negative. 
There were 29 vacancies in the Supreme Court during the presidential elections, from George Washington to Barack Obama. 
The President has rushed our nation to war without a plan to win peace. 
When a drug comes from Canada, I want to make sure it heals you and doesn't kill you. 
They just need help to get trained. 
FORD: You know, of course, that I am the first president in 30 years who has reorganized intelligence agencies within the federal government: the CIA, the Defence Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency and others. 
CLINTON: ...long-term health care drivers. 
Did he bomb Iran? 
Barnes, prochaine question. 
I looked at it the other night. 
Once again, you have provided the perfect segue to a new topic, which is climate change. 
I can't wait to talk about it. 
And we have a question about Langdon (ph) in Ballston Spa, New York, and it's about huge unfunded social security obligations, Medicare, and other rights programs that will soon eat all the income that is in place and then enter a deficit position. 
Joe, you're rich, congratulations, because what Joe wanted to do was buy the business he's been working for 10-12 hours a day, seven days a week, and you said you wanted to spread wealth, but -- in other words, take Joe's money and then decide what to do with it. Now, Joe, you are rich, congratulations, and you will then fall into the category where you will have to pay a fine if you do not provide health insurance that Senator Obama mandates, not the kind you think is best for your family, your children, your employees, but the kind he mandates for you. 
It was clear. 
John, a question for the vice president. 
But I'm gonna break that rule and say "never." 
Yes. 
Dukakis, your one-minute answer. 
I have the scars to prove it. 
I said that years ago. 
If you look at Pennsylvania, if you look at some states that have been closed, they have democratic governors, all, one of the reasons they closed is because they want to keep it closed until after the November 3 elections. 
Go ahead, Vice President. 
That's why we don't want to send fewer people to... BIDEN: That's why we should send Americans to do the job, instead of -- would you prefer Americans to go to work instead of interns? 
If I'm elected, we won't have Obama. 
I've never been able to say that. 
It's time. 
Now I wouldn't provide a litmus test. 
Mr Ford, unfortunately, has just made a statement that is not true. 
Now, again, this statement that in one way or another, I wanted to destroy it and I have just changed my mind, that I am for voluntary social security, which would mean the ruin of it. 
This president doesn't bluff. 
And these teachers can make a difference. 
They are people who give themselves every day, every week and every month. 
While I suggested we should take it. putting this tax here at home, reducing our consumption of this imported oil. 
George Bush has focused on all the other countries in the world. 
If a local school district in Cleveland or any other place wants to have a private choice plan like Milwaukee did, let them have it. 
I was honored to speak to these troops. 
QUIJANO: Governor... PENCE: ... we delivered $400 million in cash as a ransom for Americans held by radical mullahs in Tehran.The governor yesterday, Mr.Trump said... KAINE: And we stopped a nuclear weapons program without a gun. 
Let me therefore make a statement on the economy. 
I don't know where he came from. 
So why did Donald Trump say that? 
And to make health care more affordable, allow professional associations such as the National Federal of Independent Business or the Chamber of Commerce or the National Restaurant Association to write association plans through jurisdictional lines so that small businesses have the ability to have a national pool to lower the cost of insurance. 
It didn't just happen in California. 
Senator Mark Hatfield, who has known your family for a long time and who knew your father, the late Senator Prescott Bush, said, and I quote: "If his father were alive today, I am sure his father would see this as a shocking transformation. » 
Oh, no, it's not... 
They have also cut $4 billion in mutual security over the past six years. 
I use the same words as your counselors. 
Therefore, I would like to ask shorter questions and shorter answers. 
Not if it approaches the traditional definition of marriage between a man and a woman. 
You need to get/have a partner in China, that's 51%. 
But -- MODERATOR: The use of the army there -- some people now suggest that if you don't want to use the army to maintain peace, to do the civilian thing, is it time to consider a civilian force of a kind that comes after the army that builds nations or all that? 
I want families to make decisions between them and their doctors. 
My case shows it on controversial issues. 
You're running the Coronavirus Task Force administration. 
But what I don't understand is with Hillary Clinton and now Senator Kaine with her is supporting a practice like abortion at partial birth. 
And I'm gonna cut taxes for middle-class families. 
And I'll tell you why I'm satisfied. 
We therefore want to promote these principles throughout the world. 
Agencies. 
But what you can't do is spend $2 trillion in extra military spending that the army isn't asking for, $5 trillion in tax cuts. 
Mr.LIEBERMAN: Bernie, we agree with the problem, but we could not disagree more with the answer to the problem. 
Thank you, and this is an opportunity for me, and I appreciate it. 
There are challenges all over the world that are new and different and there will be different -- we will talk about countries in the future that we barely know where they are on the map, some Americans. 
You'd better take a look at it, because we caught you in a way, and President Obama was sitting in the office. 
Often, China will use its veto in the Security Council to veto a package of measures such as this. 
Mr Ellis, I think that this idea that has been generated here in our country is that inflation has fallen on us in a way like a plague and therefore that it is uncontrollable and that no one can do anything about it is totally misleading and that it is dangerous to tell the people. 
And if you can't, there will be a federal consequence. 
These approaches are very dangerous to the safety, well-being and peace of mind of pensioners in this country and those approaching retirement age. 
NIXON: I totally disagree with Senator Kennedy on this point. 
A president cannot know everything, but a president must know the things that are essential to his or her leadership and the enforcement of our laws. 
That's how it connects with all the rest of what we were talking about. 
CLINTON: I grew up in the separated South, fortunately raised by a grandfather who has almost no formal education, but with a heart of gold that taught me early that all people were equal in the eyes of God. 
We need to do more and better. 
Quayle: There is no doubt about this that the weapons for the hostages are bad, and it will never be repeated - we learn by our mistakes. 
They are very good institutions, very good banks. 
During their three and a half years, three separate leaders. 
They arrested him. 
It's not a new two-minute segment to start with. 
Joe, you know it's about a million dollars -- it's about a million people, a million small businesses. 
Thus, the president, as the presidents often do, went alone and did the right thing. 
You know what he said? "I think it makes sense. I think that's a good idea" -- four years ago. 
All those who are not for this, all those who want to let this Sandinist government prevail, as Castro did, all this, the contras are not somozistas. 
You want – and what about fracturing? 
Maybe they're dangerous -- I've voted for everything ever since. 
It's got to end. 
And I was a consistent reformer. 
And we will help them with the development of their own economy, because what will eventually make the Egyptian revolution succeed for the Egyptian people, but also for the world, is if those young people who have gathered there see opportunities. 
In a way, we have lost that responsibility. 
Now, old man, Joe, Joe the plumber, is over there. 
But anyway, I think we're just looking at the facts. 
And if India were to lose its battle, with thirty-five percent of the population of the underdeveloped world within its borders, then I think the balance of power could evolve against us. 
But we can't keep living on a credit card. 
They've increased by $3,000, and they're expected to increase another $2,400. 
About a year ago, he cut the Pentagon's budget by six billion dollars. 
And I think that goes beyond the response to terror. 
He asked you to provide your numbers. 
I don't want to kill the government anymore. 
He was reforming them. 
What is the tendency you have to investigate everyone? 
It seems, from what some of these voters have said in your Richmond debate, and from the polls and other data, that each of you, whether fairly or not, is seriously concerned about the credibility and credibility of what each of you says you would do as President over the next four years. 
MEMORY_OF_AUDITENCE: It seems that when we hear about the issues of this campaign, it is usually health insurance, social security or prescription drugs. 
There is an agreement to have, that is, they respect the rules that have already been established. 
As far as they're concerned, if you didn't have a window, it would be a nice thing. 
Then I assembled his people and spoke. 
It's absolutely extraordinary. 
He says we need to move from one part of the world to another. 
Look at these facts. 
This calls for weakness. 
Mr. President. 
Did someone come out and ask people, how are you going to pay the extra money? 
I like President Reagan. 
And the president supports the $716 billion withdrawal from this program. 
Ross was very articulated across the country. 
No, answer the question. 
But Pakistan is important to the region, to the world and to us, because Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and they rush to build much more. 
Why have these security violations occurred? 
I can't accept it. 
Medicare used to pay for cardiac bypass surgery, but did not pay for prescription drugs that could help you avoid it. 
And an administration of George Bush will pursue this policy. 
But Hillary was extremely angry. 
China is building one to three new coal-fired power plants that burn dirty coal a week. 
The format and rules are those negotiated by the representatives of the two campaigns. 
With regard to non-proliferation, in May 1997 I called for a conference of nuclear suppliers. 
He'll get rid of it. 
I'm not quite done. 
You have two minutes, without interruption. 
But dictator Milosevic was hanging. 
No, Cuba is not lost, and I do not think that this kind of defeatist speech by Senator Kennedy is a little helpful. 
We must mobilize the resources of our allies in the region, and in the immediate future we must act and act now to get people out of danger. 
And I'm not sorry at all about our case with women. 
They have no idea what happened. 
Mr President. 
It also means helping local school districts that sometimes find parents of school-age children nicknamed bond issues, to give them some help with the interest-free bail authority so that we can build new schools and upgrade classrooms. 
And I've been there a long time now, except for times when we lost elections. 
The president himself suggested that the reduction in the growth of health insurance over the next five or six years should be maintained at 6 percent under the Republican plan, regardless of the number, it will increase to 7 or even more per cent, but that is next to the point. 
With this in mind, I would like to ask the following question: Vice-President Bush, four years ago, you opposed Mr Bush. 
PENCE: But the American people, I believe, deserve the merit of the sacrifices they have made, putting the health of their family and neighbours first, our doctors, our nurses, our first responders – 
All right. 
This is a difficult and delicate question. 
Middle-income families in America have been crushed over the past four years. 
This year. 
You want a job in downtown? 
PENCE: That's bullshit. 
This is the Constitution. 
Hon.MILLIGAN: Senator Dole, my name is Jason Milligan, the owner of the army and the small business on active duty, and my question is: What is your position on how to close the gap between the military and civilian pay scales? 
I will say this: he will return to the States, and then the States will make a determination. 
And also a constitutional amendment to ban the bus. 
And perhaps the dominant domestic issue of our time is what we are doing about these huge deficits. 
Two-minute answer, Governor Bush. 
I was in the coal country. 
Very nice. 
And the number of small businesses that I went to say that they abandon insurance because they can't afford it, the cost of health care is simply prohibitive. 
CLINTON: Not — well, we returned 35,000, so... TRUMP: Oh, yes. 
It shouldn't be like that. 
Theocracy controls the security apparatus, number e.r. two, five secretaries of state said we should talk and sit down. 
This Chair is the first Chair not to meet with ANACP. 
And it's a new two-minute segment -- a new segment, and that means two minutes each. 
But there is a difference in how we will do it. 
because you see China moving towards a free market economy. 
And that's good. 
All schools, all school districts, the students themselves and the required teacher exams, which goes a little further than Governor Bush was prepared to go. 
All over the world. 
Clearly, we still have a long way to go to fully integrate minority groups into American life. 
The Wild Nature Wyoming Bill was frankly one of my proudest achievements as a member of Congress. 
The President -- and that is one of the reasons why I am very proud in this race to have the support of General John Shalikashvili, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; Admiral William Crowe, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; General Tony McPeak, who led the air war for the President's father and who did a brilliant job supporting me; General Wes Clark, who won the war in Kosovo, who supported me; and General Baca, who was the Chief of the National Guard, who supported me. 
There are a lot of good people who could run this country. 
I'll do it. 
We have weakened our ability to project power around the world because we have seen everything through this single lens, not to mention our economy. 
And that's my point of view now. 
I do not want to criticize Senator Mondale, but I was very, very surprised when I read that, Senator Mondale made a very derogatory and personal remark about General Brown, after General Brown's history. 
That's where all our resources went. 
The conservative business newspaper, "Barron's", says it is the strongest economy in 30 years. 
Honour, duty and country is all America is. 
Our values must be at stake. 
I don't think this is an intelligent strategy.I think the use of special forces, which we use, the use of facilitators and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are in our interest, and so I support what is happening, but let me just... RADDATZ: But what would you do differently than President Obama? 
John Kerry and I ask you to give us the power to fight for you, to fight to keep this dream in America, which I saw as a young man, living for every parent sitting at this kitchen table. 
Mrs Ferraro, you have repeatedly said that you would not want your son to die in an undeclared war for an uncertain cause. 
The only viable option to win the war on terrorism is the one chosen by the President, to use the power of the United States to aggressively go after terrorists wherever we find them and also to take into account the states that sponsor terror. 
Should they be concerned about this? 
Your own officials say that he could take well in 2021 at the earliest for enough Americans to get vaccinated, and even then they say that the country will wear masks and detach itself in 2022. 
It's more money than our country could make in a hundred years if it were. 
22 years of my tax returns. 
And that's why it's so important, as we solve this problem in the short term, that we look at some of the underlying problems that led to lower wages and incomes for ordinary Americans, a health care system that's broken, energy policies that don't work, because, you know, ten days ago, John said that the fundamentals of the economy are healthy. 
You have now heard three debates, months of campaigning and far too many television ads. 
- It's okay. 
But we can and must go faster, and that is why I am so firmly committed to programs that will advance America in the 1960s, move it forward so that we can stay ahead of the Soviet Union and win the battle for freedom and peace. 
And I can assure you that the United States will have a leading role in finding a comprehensive solution to the problems in the Middle East, I hope and trust as soon as possible. 
More, more carbon is absorbed in this rainforest than each piece of carbon emitted in the United States. 
Allons-y. 
And so if Kim Jong decides again not to honour an agreement, he does not only injustice to America, he would also do injustice to China. 
Keeping the government as far as possible, making insurance available to the poorest of the poor, through vouchers, the next range in the income bracket, through tax credits, and embarking on the business of pooling insurance. 
You know what he did? 
Soldiers need to understand why we're leaving. 
MCCAIN: I think Iraq's lessons are very clear: you can't have a failed strategy that will make you almost lose a conflict. 
It's the end of a reign of terror. 
Hillary and I are both people of religious origin, from the experience of the Methodist church, which was really formative for her as a civil servant. 
I'd be indignant. 
A fear, as small business owners, maybe, how we're going to borrow any money to increase stocks or hire more people. 
I'm the one who said to keep the M.F.N. 
(APPLAUSE) And retired Vice-Admiral James Stockdale, who is the Vice-President-designate - (APPLAUSE) - for independent candidate Ross Perot. 
10 million people have lost their private insurance, and he wants to kidnap 22 million more people who have been under Obamacare, and over 110 million people with pre-existing conditions. 
Lester, one thing I'd like to say. 
He discovered Boeing during this campaign after I've been talking about it for months. 
And I hope people don't think I question his patriotism when I say that he used his words to describe his participation in this organization. 
Mondale will be the last person on the program to talk. 
I must say that I think I have a better opportunity, however, to find the necessary funds to pay what, it is true, will be very, very substantial sums. 
So, I'll tell you. 
Am I wrong about that? 
Senator Obama wants the government to do the job. 
Governor Bush has made it clear that when he is elected, it will be his number one priority as a legislative measure to be submitted to Congress. 
It's in our ability. 
Well, I got it and they pushed it. 
You can't have it in both ways, you have to make a decision. 
What should be the role of the United States in the world? 
What I want to do is send flexibility and authority to local people so you can choose what to do with the money. 
Some say it's an axe. 
I don't think we'll agree here tonight. 
So, I think step one to make sure that prescription drugs are more affordable for seniors, and it's people who really rely on prescription drugs these days, is to reform the health insurance system, is to have prescription drugs as an integral part of health insurance once and for all. 
I started doing these formats a year ago in New Hampshire and I found that we had a huge crowd because all I did was let people ask questions and I tried to give very precise answers. 
TRUMP: Well, I'm saying they're wrong, because I'm going to create huge jobs. 
No, it does not.There is a lot of very important planning going on, and part of it is to point out to the Sunnis in the region, as well as to the Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, that we must all be in this area. 
Itâ€TMs an important continent. 
We won't have a problem at all. "When Joe said that, I said," Anthony Fauci said and others and many others. 
But to think that this administration vetoed the only chance it had of banning this practice without working with people in Congress who would have liked to have had the opportunity to stop this horrible practice is simply unacceptable to the American people. 
Families are under enormous pressure. 
Mr President, what are you saying to someone in this country who has lost his job to someone abroad who is paid a fraction of what this work has paid here in the United States? 
You also said that a vaccine would arrive within weeks. 
And the question is what are your plans to improve the physical infrastructure of this country, which includes the water system, the sewer system, our transportation systems, etc. 
More than 4 million people voted. 
There's a difference. 
He doesn't take anything out of schools, it's new money. 
And he said the mark of a good judge, justice, that when you read their decision, their opinion, you cannot say whether it is written by a man or a woman, a liberal or a conservative, a Muslim, a Jew or a Christian. 
And what you see on this whole door of Iraq is a bunch of people who were wrong during the war trying to cover their necks here and try to do some revisionism. 
And if we only think about tomorrow or the next day and don't think about ten years, we're not going to control our own economic future. 
But I know, I know I'm opposed to abortion. 
We voted for tax relief. 
Gentlemen, welcome. 
What is it really for you, Senator Biden? 
So, what I'm saying is, we're gonna have to make choices. 
Over the past two years, as I have already mentioned, we have had a very difficult time. 
But we had dug our way out of policies that were displaced and focused on the top doing very well and middle-class people are not doing well. 
But I'm as honest with the Americans as I can in my support for anything but a traditional definition of marriage. 
OBAMA: Katie, this is a great question and we have a difficult situation in Pakistan. 
We didn't have enough strength. 
Trade is increasing by about 12 percent per year. 
The other candidate has up to two minutes to answer. 
And let me add that no one has ever said that these young men who have been killed by negligence of this administration and others have died in shame. 
Thirdly, the idea that I want to eliminate private insurance — the reason I had such a fight, with 20 candidates for appointment, was that I support private insurance. 
So, as you know, 2.2 million people, shaped, had to die. 
Allow me to follow with you, Vice President Biden, you said you would not meet Kim Jong Un without preconditions. 
In fact, it's less likely that they're coming here... 
- No, it's not. 
Good evening at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. 
Higher salaries for teachers, you added, were important and if the situation is not corrected, it could lead to a national disaster. 
I'll look at him back then. 
That's what the federal government is doing to you. 
You now have a chance to refute before your final statement. 
We have just lost a particularly well-known with Muhammad i. y vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are ready to work hard, you do your part, you contribute to the community. 
I think this is a hypocritical policy when, at the same time, we maintain a relationship with the only nation in the world where there is no human right - the Soviet Union. 
- No, no. 
President Trump. 
And here's the thing, on January 28, the Vice-President and the President were informed of the nature of this pandemic. 
Who has perseverance, character, integrity, maturity, to do the job? 
I mean, it's really amazing that the day... KAINE: We destroyed the leader of Al-Qaida. 
Ronald Reagan and George Bush saved America from decline. 
SCHIEFFER: Let's go for the next segment, because it's a very important segment. 
The aim is to organize the housing community. 
And, Senator Obama, you did not repudiate those remarks. 
The rate of increase in defence expenditure can be slowed down. 
I hope and pray that his mission will be successful, that there will be a ceasefire, and that the parties will return to the peace table. 
You know, this man has no credibility on this issue. 
How can you convince the American people and the potential enemy that you know what to do to protect the security of this nation, and do you think in any way that the Soviets might be tempted to try to enjoy you simply because you are a woman? 
I think we are today. 
That's right. 
Now, the third question to Governor Reagan of William Hilliard. 
But it must take a new leadership in Washington. 
We have too many low-weight babies at birth. 
And the problem, John, with the strategy that was pursued was that, for 10 years, we haired Musharraf, we alienated the Pakistani people, because we were undemocratic. 
It may not seem important when it comes to numbers on a sheet of paper, but if we talk about a family that has an autistic child and depends on that Medicaid, it's a big problem. 
Quayle: And he said he was not to choose - giving parents the right to choose to send their children to public schools. 
We need to change America's culture. 
Mali has been recaptured, the northern part of Mali, by al-Qaeda-type individuals. 
Sandy. Yes. 
Food prices are on the rise. 
We have reached an agreement on arms control that our critics thought was never possible and that I want to take advantage of it. 
I'd like to ask each of you, what's the most important thing you've learned from these strong women? 
As soon as we reach the agreement, I want to release him. 
MCCAIN: I believe we can, for all purposes, eliminate our dependence on Middle East oil and Venezuelan oil. 
And that's what we should do for all Americans. 
Go on. 
Tax credits for better and more expensive child care services, tax credits for middle-class families who do not have their employer's health insurance. 
I never want to see another generation of young Americans bleed their lives in sandy beachheads in the Pacific, rice fields and jungles in Asia or on Europe's muddy battlefields. 
The President told you in 1992 that he would cut $67 billion. 
So I think it's clear we're better than we were four years ago. 
They went down the street to support their democracy, to support their vote. 
This vice-president has been campaigning for more than a decade for the lifting of sanctions against Iran, the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism. 
There is not only what is on your paper curriculum vitae that makes you qualified to present yourself or to hold a position. 
Nine million people have lost their jobs. 
KEMP: There is no consensus. 
We're literally in an election. 
Tonight's debate marks the third consecutive presidential election in which the League presents the candidates to the highest office of the Nation in a face-to-face debate. 
We know that the path we are taking is not working. 
We found people who could least afford it - people who had a retirement income - people who had a fixed income - we found them unable to pay their bills at the end of the month. 
If you earn $200,000 a year or less, your taxes will decrease. 
Iran continued to sell oil to the United States. 
He broke his great promise to bring people together to solve the country's biggest problems. 
In economic policy, I join Warren Buffett and former Fed President Paul Volcker. 
OBAMA: And when you look at your tax policies that are aimed primarily at those who are doing well, and you neglect people who are really struggling right now, I think it's a continuation of the last eight years, and we can't afford four more. 
CLINTON: ...as I said, I had trouble falling down. 
We must be able to compete in the global market. 
And when it comes to stopping and risking, you know, you're talking about removing weapons. 
I believe in tax fairness for middle-income taxpayers, by increasing the personal exemption. 
And what do we have to do about it? 
And I think that's the only answer. 
But certainly we will not have peace by giving and indicating in advance that we will not defend what has become a symbol of freedom. 
We don't think these people should be allowed to continue operating for free. 
We need to take care of this right now. 
But I was governor of a state, and state law said there was a death penalty for crimes if the jury found them heinous. 
And I wonder how you, if you're president in January, will pay the bill for all this. 
We are on the side of freedom. 
Your social security will be there when you retire. 
We must remember that the cold war which Mr Khrushchev and his colleagues are leading, is being waged all over the world and is being waged here in the United States. 
But this president didn't try to fix it. 
They said that now, if we just passed this stimulus, the economy would rise to 4 percent. 
This campaign is not over. 
Those of us who are proudly pro-life understand that. 
Well... 
We are sitting on a time bomb, because we have totally mismanaged our country, and we should take it back under control. 
The IRS says an audit... 
It's not a perfect system. 
And I came to the conclusion that our love was strong enough to be able to do it. 
I'll tell you what that means. 
Now, once again, the White House is an insulting chair. 
Why do you think you can resist this persistent threat? 
The analysis he's talking about leaves behind more than half of the tax cuts I've proposed. 
But we also want to make sure that we don't lose the things we fought so hard to get. 
We looked, when I was chair of the Finance Committee that was dealing with social security, we looked at all these options, and one thing we have to make sure, when I was going home my mother told me all I have, is my social security, don't touch her. 
As far as President Eisenhower is concerned, I have often heard him talk about this issue. 
I have worked with many different Muslim groups around America. 
Is there a line that should be drawn when we decide to enter? 
I believe that our future as a nation depends on whether or not we can break those barriers that have been used to group against group, and bring our people together. 
Let's try to get answers from each of them. 
We can't be the policeman all over the world anymore. 
I want to lean on our strengths. 
I'm not interested in his character. 
When you're a senior federal government official spending billions of dollars in taxpayers' money and you're a mature individual and you're making a mistake, so it was on our ticket. 
And it focuses not only on increasing supply, which I think we need to do, but also on working on the consumer side. 
But we have to prove that we can pay them. 
Yes, in the Reagan recession where unemployment reached 10.8 per cent, between this period -- the end of this recession and the equivalent of time today, Ronald Reagan's recovery created twice as many jobs as that president's recovery. 
Mr. President, you're the first. 
America should really question a President Trump, who had a campaign manager with links to Putin, pro-Putin elements in Ukraine, who had to be fired for this reason. 
I don't think there's any. 
Let me give you an example of OSHA. We reinvent the way OSHA does its work. Some people would like to eliminate OSHA. We believe that the protection of safety at work is very, very important, but what we have said is to look at, start, start measuring results. We found that inspectors were rewarded for the number of fines they had imposed. 
And I don't think you really disagree with me about that, if you want to know the truth. 
And terrorist acts are such that our US Capitol in Washington has been bombed twice. 
That's the kind of leadership we're going to continue to show. 
Your own Council of Economic Advisors... 
He hoped that there would be some agreement on disarmament. 
Mr. Kalb, your question to President Reagan. 
We care. 
I was laid off, hospitalized without health insurance. 
The secretary already has the power to do so in the rescue plan, but it has not yet been exercised. 
And I only hope that, if I win this election, I could address President Eisenhower in maintaining the dignity of the office; ensuring that whenever a mother or father speaks to his child, he can look at the man of the White House and, whatever he thinks of his policy, he will say: "Well, there is a man who maintains the kind of personal norms that I would like my child to follow." 
There's a lot of pressure. 
And there are other laws on civil rights and human rights that I think I can come here to play. 
For example, if someone invents a machine that does the work of five people, it's progress. 
Now John mentioned the fact that taxes on paper are high in this country, and he is absolutely right. 
It happens. 
Is the Middle East in tumult? Yes. 
Governor Bill Clinton, Democratic candidate, President George Bush, Republican candidate, (APPLAUSE) and independent candidate Ross Perot. 
The 11 September Commission issued a report according to which America is safer, but not yet safe. 
And I want to help middle class people. 
I intend to be a leader in our country on which people can rely, both here and around the world, to make decisions that will promote peace and prosperity, but also against tyrants, whether abroad or at home. 
Nobody believes it except him and his good friend Rudy Giuliani. 
The Treaty does not include these two islands. 
As long as Vietnam, North Vietnam, does not give us a complete and complete account of our disappearance in action, I will never go with Vietnam's admission to the United Nations. 
But unfortunately, in -- nowhere in the world is America's influence greater today than four years ago. 
And in addition to that, when that -- when that happened, what did Romney do? Romney said, "No, let Detroit go bankrupt." 
Vice President Biden, you say that President Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville three years ago, when he spoke of very good people on both sides, that's what led you directly to launch this race to the presidency. 
I've worked to make sure that disabled children can get a public education, something that interests me a lot. 
We must be transparent. 
I believe in strict constructionists. 
All wealth is created, and all growth is generated by at-risk entrepreneurs. 
Merci, Bob. 
He says he's gonna give you a $5,000 tax credit. 
Thirdly, I do not believe that the division of government contracts is being vigorously exploited. 
Vice President Biden, what's your reaction? 
Look, here's the deal. 
I will make an important speech on this subject next week before the next debate, and I will then have the opportunity to answer any other questions that may arise about my position on this subject. 
Yes, I would. 
And John Kerry rushed immediately after his speech was with, where he came and thanked America for our contributions and sacrifice and pledged to hold these elections in January, went out and humiliated him, criticized him, questioned his credibility. 
Yeah, but he paid 10 times more. 
For the first time, one State had been the first in all four measures. 
We have a disciplined 50% deficit reduction over the next four years, but we first get incentives to invest in this economy, to get the American people back to work. 
In this context, the first discussion of a series of four joint appearances, the purpose of which was agreed, will be limited to American internal or national affairs. 
That's what the Americans want. 
Can you add 30 seconds? 
Many of them have turned into riots. 
But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. 
People are all over the country. 
Just a typical politician when I see that. 
These are elements of the plan. Financial institutions for community development are also included. And the law that says that deposits that are made in a community, in the city centers say, should be kept in the community, not entirely, but a certain percentage of them should be kept there. 
The president didn't. 
I do not think there is a big difference, Mr Mashek, between my point of view and that of President Reagan. 
We need to reduce the costs of litigation that are integrated into our society. 
Most tax cuts were granted to low- and middle-income Americans. 
We can relax a little, but go ahead. 
So it sounds good, but our targeted tax reduction for education, child education, health care and home purchase, which is paid for in my balanced budget plan, something he hasn't done, certified by the Congressional Budget Office, is the right way to go. 
I'm not taking care of it. 
We have experienced a recession, a decline in stock markets, an attack on our country. 
KENNEDY: Well, I think we should strengthen our conventional forces, and we should try in January, February and March of next year to increase the airlift capacity of our conventional forces. 
Peace in the Middle East is in the interest of our nation. 
Bill Ayers is a professor of education in Chicago. 
And I want to say a very good evening. 
Do the United States have a responsibility to protect civilians and avoid massive casualties on this scale, Governor Pence? 
But a few years ago, you said you'd never do that. 
Senator Obama's name was not on that letter. 
It's lies. 
Excuse me, he made a statement. 
Mondale's campaign is a campaign to whine and hope for bad news? 
KERRY: You rely on good military personnel to carry out the military component of the strategy, but winning peace is greater than the military component alone. 
TRUMP: You called it the gold standard of trade agreements. 
They're focusing on that. 
DUKAKIS: Well, first of all, as far as freezing is concerned, Mr. Bush was much more sensitive to freezing in the spring of 1982 than he seems to be today. 
For those I think we need to do is to develop an investment-type vehicle that would be an incentive for them to invest, like medical savings accounts with rolling capacity. 
And you have to do this by starting not to step back from the Fallujahs and other places, and sending the wrong message to the terrorists. 
He doesn't have a Republican voice. 
It's amazing. 
They didn't. 
Let me tell you... [Applause] 
Congress... they're all good people. 
In fact, I have a plan that deals with people with pre-existing conditions. 
Actually, Mr. Vice President, that's not true. 
The democratic woman up there takes the lead in all this. 
The day after the attack, governor, I stood in the Rose Garden and told the American people of the world that we will discover exactly what happened. 
Ten years in Vietnam, air combat and torture. 
We have three basic lines: Do not increase the deficit, do not increase taxes on the middle class, and do not lower the share of income that is borne by high-income people. 
You can answer the senator. 
People who try to help these children, programs like cities and schools, the work that Barbara Bush does so that people can learn to read in this country and continue to break this cycle of poverty. 
And I want to close the debate tonight with Brecklynn Brown's question. 
So, we're trying to undo some of the things that your administration has done. 
Health care is the number two priority, because the broken health care system is bad not only for families, but it makes our businesses less competitive. 
President Carter, you have a minute to refute. 
We must double the size of the Afghan army. 
PAGE: You know, you mentioned earlier, Vice-President Pence, that the President had committed to maintaining protections for people with pre-existing conditions and — but you have this trial that you support, your administration supports, which would repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
What is it, Mr. President? 
But that's not the point here. 
Merci, Susan. 
Mondale's running away. 
Whether we like it or not, we are now - the United States is now the natural leader of the world. 
TRUMP: They went out and said very strongly, "$6,500 will be taken away from the families as part of his plan, that his plan is an economic disaster. 
It concerned Great Britain. 
Many fewer people die. 
But it's in part because those of us who had the great privilege of seeing this work closely and knowing how difficult it is, and it's not only because I saw my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus, and 23 million new jobs were created, and the incomes increased for everyone. 
Now, uh - can I assume that according to that you tend to exclude the cruise missile from the next SALT agreement, or is it still negotiable in this context? 
I beat all those other people because I didn't agree with them. 
Is that what you thought? 
Traditionally, it was a problem for States. 
Hundreds of thousands of children now have a chance to be adopted because I have worked to change our adoption and foster care system. 
You were after him, you were even trying to send or your campaign sent photos of him in a certain dress, very famous photos. 
Now I would be ready to continue the negotiations. 
We can't keep mixing kids in school. 
Look at us closely. 
Vice President Biden, go ahead, sir. 
QUAYLE: The question arises as to whether I am qualified to be Vice-President, and in case of tragedy, whether I am qualified to be President. 
Fifteen percent of Americans are in poverty. 
TRUMP: I think we have to do everything we can to get clean air, clean water, and do everything we can best. 
Number two, on the issue of U-2 flights. 
There was a recent investigation into the number of people in Texas who obtained -- who received permits for concealed weapons despite the fact that they had files. 
TRUMP: We have the slowest growth since 1929. 
So I'm with them. 
We have been in very close contact with Mr Mitterrand, Mr Kohl, and other people who have met the leaders of the Soviet Union. 
I -- I don't think we have the right to tell others that -- women that they can't control their bodies. 
As far as fires are concerned, you need forest management. 
They paid us back, and we had a dividend in the process. 
OBAMA: But most importantly, it's true that for us to be competitive, we're going to have to make smart choices right now. 
Between the sanctions, no one harder than me on Russia. 
Have you been working on this one for a long time? 
BUSH: Well, he doesn't like to fool the government, but I think he's talking about the Reagan-Bush years where we've created 15 million jobs. 
That's one of my promises. 
I think we can be better. 
On a rather dark note, a month ago tonight, on the anniversary of 11 September, Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other courageous Americans were killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi. 
I propose a real Medicare prescription drug for all seniors, all seniors, and here's how it works. 
Who negotiates these trade agreements? 
But we found estimates that his income for these three years is one million, four hundred thousand dollars, and I think he paid about the same percentage as I did in the total taxes. 
They cannot be allowed to acquire a period of nuclear weapons. 
I am not satisfied when we have more than nine billion dollars of food - a part of rot - even if there is a hungry world, and even if four million Americans wait each month for a food package from the government, which is on average five hundred a day per person. 
We have not acted aggressively on social security, on health insurance. 
I was given the presentation and I was told that at any time, night or day, I could be invited to make the most fatal decision on Earth, namely to fire these atomic weapons that could destroy the human species. 
When you leave the office, you leave no judge. 
Ann, both are very complicated situations. 
It was the dream of a trial lawyer. 
As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. 
And therefore, we have lost our legitimacy in Pakistan. 
If that haunts you, why over the eight years of the Reagan-Bush administration do they have so many programs designed to help urban dwellers be eliminated or cut? 
We're making fans. 
When I exercise the facilitator's discretion to extend the discussion of a question, no candidate may speak for more than two minutes at a time. 
Congress has passed a law on the reduction of red tape. 
We fixed it. 
Let me clarify. 
As moderator and on behalf of my fellow journalists, I, like the League of Women Voters, deeply regret that this situation has occurred. 
HOWE: John Edwards has his first question for Senator Kennedy. 
Students trying to advance their own dreams, but also the dreams of this country. 
It's just -- it's -- we have -- when the president took office, 32 million people on food stamps; 47 million on food stamps today; economic growth this year slower than last year, and last year slower than the previous year. 
He wasn't dismantled. 
And I hope that one of the things I could do as president is to recognize them, to give them the kind of recognition they need and that they deserve so that more and more young people can become the heroes of tomorrow, to enter the public service, to go into education, to go into the drug board, to go into law enforcement, and to be the heroes of future generations. 
Why would you want to do that, anyone, anyone in America, when we have such a difficult time, when these small business people, like Joe the plumber, are going to create jobs, unless you take that money from him and spread wealth around. 
And one doctor said her rates have increased so much that she's now at the point where she's testing patients. 
Governor Carter, I'd like to turn to what was called the energy crisis. 
EDWARDS: Senator Kennedy, one of the leadership tests of a new president will be the calibre of his appointments. 
I think the operational position you had before was that you would increase taxes only in a second term as a last resort, and I thought you were saying frankly that "I'm not going to raise taxes." 
I submit to you that the increase in taxes will make things much worse. 
We have to pay and build money to renew it - spend money to renew it, and this will take on a growing and expanding base of work. 
In late September, thousands of AIDS patients will lose access to AZT, the only drug approved by the federal government to treat the disease. 
Good evening at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. 
He has an 11-year-old son and can't let that son participate in the sport and Little League, because he's afraid of getting hurt and he won't be able to provide health insurance to pay these bills. 
WOODRUFF: Tom, one last question for Senator Quayle. 
Reagan's policies at the bottom of the line or you'd go back to some of your own ideas. 
Reduction in tax rates by 20 per cent. 
There's a reason for that. 
He's a guy who tried to cut Medicare. 
You have addressed some of the major issues this evening, but the biggest problem in the minds of American voters is yourself - your ability to lead this country. 
Again, we have projects all over Washington. 
89 billion dollars last year to the first percent of Americans, but children lost their programs after school. 
I therefore consider this to be a compliment. 
We have the opportunity, really, if you think about it, if we are smart and have a strategic vision and a leader who understands strategic planning, to make sure that we change the terms of the battlefield of the future so that we can maintain peace. 
And I think that the people who look there should go back and take a look at the case when they have fought against a balanced budget amendment. 
I know how to make this happen. 
WALLACE: I'd like to ask you, we have a little more than a minute in this segment. 
This is a very serious indictment of this administration. 
I don't know where he came from. 
I saw him in Texas. 
But if we abrogate it, as Donald proposed, and let's start again, all the benefits I just mentioned are lost for everyone, not just for people who get their health insurance on the exchange. 
The reason they keep talking about Halliburton is because they're trying to vomit a smoke screen. 
It's about three million. 
On September 11, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were attacked by the worst terrorist attack in the history of the United States. 
I think it's time to move on to our next subject. 
Gentlemen, now the closing statements. 
We need to fully fund the act named for this wonderful boy, Ryan White, to make sure we do everything we can about research and treatment. 
And guess who's suffering. 
It's a reign of terror. 
Even the administration admitted not to have done the training, because they returned to Congress a few weeks ago and asked for a complete reprogramming of the money. 
This could have prevented this tragedy. 
You can. 
Now we disagree from time to time on a few issues. 
All the people I met who were on social assistance and who work and raise their children. 
Collect $220 billion in new spending. 
They want us to talk about this country's problems. 
Foreign donors, and certainly foreign governments, cannot participate in the American political process. 
Force requires knowledge, command. 
We'll start with your two minutes, Secretary Clinton. 
But I want to come back and say again: you used our taxes to subsidize the recruitment of American companies to move abroad and throw the Americans out of work. 
I think we need to look seriously at this energy crisis, both in Congress and in the White House, and if you give me the presidency, I will tackle this problem and focus on the new technologies that will make us less dependent on foreign oil or oil. 
Jihadi John was killed on the battlefield, along with the others. 
In addition, the second amendment, which is totally besieged by people like Hillary Clinton. 
This law will not go through Congress this year. 
Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal. 
And I think the fact that this campaign has become such an important part of your campaign, Senator McCain, says more about your campaign than about me. 
Because of the people living in the suburbs, better education, better organization, more articulated, more aware of what the laws are, quite often this money has been channelled from the centres of the city centre where it is needed. 
The combat season that Petraeus and the former -- and Admiral Mullen were talking about this spring's combat season. 
And she could have done that years ago, by the way. 
We have indeed tried to make Israel the scapegoat of problems in the Middle East. 
And besides, we cut taxes for everyone. 
Mr. KERRY: Yes. 
Well, all human service programs. 
And remember that the federal deficit fell by $70 billion in one year, in 1987. 
Taxes go up when you go up the first two hooks. 
What is being tested here is the credibility of the United States of America and the way we lead the world. 
Now I'll let you talk. 
You know that the value at home of pensioners continues to decline and that people are no longer able to pay their mortgages. 
A blue ribbon panel shortly after the election is likely to recommend you go where the money is when you make budget cuts, and that means fees. 
And it is difficult to build consensus. 
All these changes in our tax code would make a difference. 
I met with Japanese business leaders who told me about it. 
That's what we call the immediate help hand. 
But understand, it was a tactic designed to contain the damage of the previous four years of mismanagement of this war. 
Number 2, I think that would increase the influence of non-elected members of the Congress who already have too much influence. 
I was hoping diplomacy would work. 
RYAN: ... what we don't want to do is give our allies the reason to trust us less and our enemies more -- we don't want to join our enemies to stand and wait and then take over... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Martha, that's a weird statement. 
We may have been wrong with Kennedy, but I'll be proud to support him my whole life. 
I will close this programme, and we will make the world understand that we are serious about containing nuclear proliferation. 
I mean, I -- because I think whoever the president is should protect your freedoms, should not erode your rights in America. 
BUSH: I am opposed to supply management and production controls. 
It is believed that 70% of potential oil in the United States is probably hidden in these lands, and no one can even go and explore to find out if it's there. 
Remove our combat troops. 
We eliminated Osama bin Laden. 
Another very important aspect of our economy would be to increase production in all possible ways, to retain taxes on individuals, and to shift tax charges to those who have avoided paying taxes in the past. 
We have seen in many cases in recent years a minority business section of the administration of small loans, the administration of small businesses lends to a black entrepreneur just enough money to start, and then go bankrupt. 
President Trump is therefore committed to conservation and the environment. 
We'll save Medicare. 
Not only could the ships not, but I would say that the companies that move their oil cannot, the people who trade their oil cannot. 
That's nice. 
And we will have a strong, effective and credible nuclear deterrent. 
(Applause from the floor) BENTSEN: Gov. 
I have a good salary with the U.S. Senate. 
He was a patriot and the people left behind there were heroes. 
We must prevent our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, from firing all their people. 
It sets high standards. 
My question is about the deficit. 
And I just want one thing to be very clear. 
Well, this is a place where we can just go to the tape on it. 
The average family pays an additional $900 per year in higher premiums due to the absence of insurance. 
In my health care bill, I said that insurance companies must provide contraceptive coverage to all insured persons. 
We must help these nations to create civil societies. 
Her husband's a pretty hard guy, by the way, too. 
Susan, I just need to answer very briefly, please. 
We are moving forward with the negotiations and, you know, I just think it would be a stupid negotiating policy with the Soviets to cut one or the other of the two options right now. 
Let me finish, sir. 
But I also believe that because we are the United States of America, we are a country with an incredible great Constitution, with rights that we offer to people, that you cannot discriminate in the workplace. 
The second one, you have your big companies that have problems, including the defence industries, have another one on it. 
What has your administration done or planned to do to limit the availability of assault weapons? 
Every 18 years can go to university. 
Do you see them as an enemy? 
Then we took comments, as we always do, and there were tens of thousands of comments on how we should do it. 
Elections have just been held. 
In the case of Helsinki, thirty-five nations signed an agreement, including the Secretary of State for the Vatican - I cannot under any circumstances believe that the - His Holiness, the Pope would accept by signing this agreement which the thirty-five nations have handed over to the nations of the Warsaw Pact the domination of Eastern Europe. 
OBAMA: When I took office, we were still stuck in Iraq and Afghanistan had been drifting for a decade. 
He's gonna call that trick down. 
As a candidate, how does that come from where you are and are these tactics really necessary? 
We have this country in the right direction. 
There's easy money there." 
I believe that the Soviet Union is the first in space. 
All right, let's do a follow-up. 
May I ask you a question? 
The first question is from Mr. McGee and concerns Senator Kennedy. 
And I went there hoping that once and for all, the free world would act together to get Saddam Hussein to listen to our demands. 
BUSH: I'd like our farmers to feed the world. 
So they want the economy to work and the world to be free and open. 
We are faced with a very great choice. 
We need to provide additional support to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. 
That is how we ensure that everyone is ready to make some sacrifices. 
My question is, who are the heroes who are there in American life today? 
Approximately 14-15 thousand people benefited from this programme. 
Nowhere to go, nowhere to go. 
None of this is true. 
And so, not once, but twice - in 1971 - I voted in the House of Representatives against a constitutional amendment that tried to bring prayer back to public schools. 
What I'm asking is that s. o I put more than — when it's finished, I'll have more than $100 million invested. 
Family incomes are declining, while the cost of everything is increasing. 
We do not have an agreement on the status of forces because they have not had one. 
Mr. SIMPSON: Thank you, Governor Clinton. 
The fact is that this administration's policy has been an abject failure. 
We can't do that to the American people. 
To ban an entire generation of intermediate nuclear weapons and if you do not, do not leave your allies in Europe in a monopoly position. 
And a Democratic Congress will not pass. 
We now spend 42 per cent of our economy on government. 
He pressured Congress — and I do not even think Mr Ford would deny that — to maintain non-proliferation legislation until Congress had agreed on an $8 billion programme for private industry to start producing enriched uranium. 
I hope we have a chance to talk about education, but that's what the vice president talked about. 
There's a lot of confidence. 
And the problem is that governments - federal, state and local - take $44 out of every dollar earned, that the federal government has pre-empted too many tax sources, and that cities. 
- It's down. 
I believe that most of the economic growth that has taken place is the result of ingenuity, hard work and entrepreneurship, and it is the government's role to encourage this. 
The lines are not about to meet, according to their projections. 
What kind of judgment is your Chief Education Advisor in Massachusetts in prison? 
I would name people who have a philosophy that I think I have quite probable that they would support Roe v. Wade. 
My targeted tax reduction is for the education of children, the purchase of a first home, the payment of health care costs. 
Bernie Sanders wants it, the Democrats want it. 
Frankly, this is not good enough for this country. 
Mr. MONDALE: In my opinion, as we tackle this deficit, we must treat very carefully those people who, starting at $70,000 a year, have not received any relief for the first time. 
Here's another one. 
We have led our schools to be number one in the nation. 
And when it comes to our economy here at home, I know what it takes to create 12 million new jobs and raise wages at home. 
I think it can be. 
I will encourage them to ask further questions. 
They'll be under my proposal. 
I think it meets the test. 
Well, I think this republican administration has been almost all style, and spectacular, and not substance. 
You do not make unilateral cuts in the naive hope that the Soviets will behave themselves. 
FERRARO: Let me tell you that I did not take a very light stance on abortion. 
And to see the weak and ruthless leadership of which Hillary Clinton was the architect and foreign policy of the Obama administration...KAINE: Well, let me — let me come back...PENCE: ...is deeply troubling for me. 
Look what happened. 
It ranks behind 15 other nations when we reach life expectancy and 22 other nations when we reach infant mortality. 
That is why I call for a tax reform programme that will further stimulate investment in our economy. 
We've got a good job, we're studying to be a doctor. 
Did you clarify your answer with Secretary Schlesinger and Governor Harriman? 
WELKER: Vice-President Biden, allow me to give you a chance to respond in this context. 
He attacked a federal judge of Indian origin and said that he was not qualified to hear a federal trial because his parents were Mexican. 
Now, I said earlier that we are the strongest military, but we need to continue to improve our readiness and ensure that our members are properly paid and that the combination of their pay and benefits and their veterans' retirement is comparable to the fierce competition that is taking place in this strong private sector economy. 
And Barack Obama went up, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. 
WELKER: Okay, I have one last question: 
Promises have been made and promises have been kept. 
I have been for faith-based initiatives that have helped to intervene in the lives of young children for years. 
The American people decide. 
But as happened at the end of the Con-Democratic Convention, the Republican Party united. 
Secretary Clinton, thank you. 
PENCE: His private server was likely to be hacked by foreigners... [crosstalk] QUIJANO: I'd like to ask you about Syria, governor. 
Mr. Trump, we're... a typical politician. 
We don't think we're moving into confession. 
We want to reform the legal system because it's too expensive, Bill Clinton wants the status quo. 
Business areas are also part of our proposal and the strengthening of the family through the reform of social assistance. 
If we don't trust young workers to manage part of their money with the surplus of social security, to go from 1 trillion to 3 trillion dollars, it will be impossible to close the gap without that. 
All right, let him... 
It's about putting more money in the pockets of American workers. 
It's very simple. 
We have increased Pell grants by a million students. 
I know that Mr. Mondale, in the past, made statements as if they were people like us, and if we were nice and good and did something nice, they would answer accordingly. 
You have prefaced your entire comment with the Bush administration. 
I'm proud of that. 
He was wrong. 
It was under our administration that Mrs. Aquino arrived. 
Because if we do not do so and SALT I expires on October 3, 1977, you will once again trigger a complete nuclear arms race with the potential of an incredible nuclear holocaust. 
And that's exactly what I did. 
And I don't want to respond in kind to all these things. 
A man named Michael runs the school. 
Do you think today's world is a safer or more dangerous place than eight years ago? 
If the president is re-elected, Obamacare will be fully installed. 
That's not how it goes. 
Mr. Trewhitt, your question to President Reagan? 
We closed the loopholes, we went after the big companies. 
If people don't have the stomach to solve these problems, I think this is the right time to deal with them, November. 
They said they were going to do something about health care in this country. And they did something: they made things worse. 
The American aircraft are now helping humanitarian aid in Sarajevo. 
We let Wall Street run wildly. 
From 3 years old and go to this school until 9 years old, then go to the public school in 4th grade. 
This is a very serious accusation against the President. 
It's okay, but it's a lot. 
OBAMA: ... postponed and delayed. 
Kristen, they did, we changed politics. 
I won't support judges like that. 
I thought it was wrong. 
Take a look at what's going on there. 
Quotas tend to put one group of people against another. 
We didn't need that tax reduction. 
And that is where our society must be directed if we are to be a peaceful and prosperous society. 
Now, as far as my position is concerned, it is exactly the opposite of that of the honourable senator. 
By agreement between the candidates, the first question is for the Government. 
Compared to what is happening in Europe, as the New England Medical Journal has said, they start at a very low rate. 
What do we do? 
BUSH: We can make a huge difference by saying that if you receive federal money, we expect you to show results. 
You were quoted as saying you could quarantine Nicaragua. 
You have no idea. 
It's arithmetic. 
Bernie, your question is absolutely right. 
I don't want to cost jobs. 
We now encourage people to waste electricity, and by giving the lowest rates to the largest users. 
IFILL: Senator Edwards, as we resolve that part of this foreign policy issue, I want to talk to you about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
We are a country based on religious freedom and freedom. 
We're going to talk about North Korea now. 
The record is pretty clear in Arkansas when you were governor. 
First of all, the report to which Senator Kennedy refers is a report that was written many months ago and is particularly related to the period that followed Sputnik. 
It is a certain passion that, in my opinion, it is a misguided passion. 
Terrorism is very, very difficult to dismantle. 
I know you're not responsible for criticizing his religion. 
I'll make sure -- CROWLEY: OK. ROMNEY: -- we're taking advantage of our energy resources. 
You know what? 
FORD: For twenty-five years, I sat in Congress under five presidents. 
She was part of the national security team that destroyed Bin Laden. 
He has spoken about it, we have done it, and we will do much more, if we have the opportunity with the help of the American people. 
He worked with the Democrats and Republicans. 
The initial cost is about $54 billion, then when you add additional costs - not only system construction, missiles and personnel, etc. - when you add additional costs over the life cycle of this system, over $100 billion. 
And I believe that the Constitution has a right to privacy that should not be the subject of a state referendum, nor are our first amendment rights the subject of a state referendum, nor should many of the other rights we have be the subject of a popular vote. 
I have not heard these figures with regard to African-American women. 
As initially agreed by both candidates, the answers should be tailored to specific questions. 
You should get out of your bunker and get out of the sand trap in your golf course and go into the oval office and gather the Democrats and Republicans and fund what needs to be done now to save lives. 
So, on the whole, we commit them to building their capacity in these countries. 
Fifteen months ago, he was a co-signator and advocated the tax reduction that I am proposing, saying that this would be a step forward in the fight against inflation and that it would be beneficial for the workers in this country. 
A lot of people here at the heart of the IRS treat me horribly. 
And for me, it's about jobs. 
He should understand that. 
We were all ready to work at the state level and at the local level. 
Senator Kaine, Governor Pence, please. 
He said he had just discovered that most of the Soviet missiles were on earth, and that is why his proposal did not work. 
And I think we all admire that. 
So, I think we can easily, in seven, eight, ten years, if we put our minds into it, we can eliminate our dependence on places in the world that harm our national security if we fail to achieve our independence. 
I do not think he was misleading when he described Iraq as a serious threat in autumn 2002. 
They planted them with centrifuges that we had sanctioned. 
PALIN: Well, what's good about running with John McCain is that I can assure you that he doesn't say anything to a group, then turns around and says something else to another group, including his plans that will make this rescue plan, this rescue plan, even better.I want to go back to the energy plan, however, because it's -- it's an important plan that Barack Obama voted in 2005. 
We have come a long way to correct these problems, but we still have a long way to go. 
I strongly condemned these acts. 
It is essential that we address any need for additional troops by putting the Iraqis in the effort. 
I have a different vision. 
Never? 
You have a catastrophic plan to help you. 
We asked the Congressional Budget Office: "Tell us what President Obama's plan is to prevent a debt crisis. » 
M. MONDALE: I agree with that, and that is why I was one of the main sponsors of a liberal adoption law, so that more of these children could come to an end, so that young mothers could be educated, so we found an option, an alternative. 
I'm Gwen Ifill from "The NewsHour" and "Washington Week" on PBS. 
And when Iraq is free, America will be safer. 
The point is, I beat Bernie Sanders. 
Steve Luecker has a question, and it's for Vice President Gore. 
I intend to win your vote and win your trust. 
We must put an end to this proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
And I think we should get_because we pay about 73 percent of NATO's cost. 
Some of my fellow governors who are real heroes to me. 
And we should demand that Donald release all his tax returns so that people can see what the entanglements and financial relationships he has... RADDATZ: We'll get there later. 
And as the governor of Massachusetts knows, there was no indication that Mr. Noriega was involved in drugs, no solid evidence before we charged him. 
They violate our first freedom, freedom of religion, by violating Catholic charity, Catholic churches, Catholic hospitals. 
Property crimes are down 40 per cent. 
Now I think life begins at conception. 
And that's how we're going to be more competitive, making sure our kids are graduating from school and university. 
I want to improve benefits for low-income workers and women who have been disadvantaged by the current social security system. 
And you could find these words in a democratic platform a few years ago -- I know, because I was a democrat at the time. 
I grant you that prices can rise, because as you go further and you have to go further, you increase the cost of production. 
What we are witnessing today's switch-off of our television screens is the absolute erasure of Obama's foreign policy. 
And I haven't changed positions since Al Gore appointed me to be his vice president. 
Mr Feldstein told you in his report. 
Let him finish, sir. 
It's meticulous. 
The public was told that no disturbance would be tolerated. 
I think we should live up to our commitments, and if the Chinese communists attack the Pescadores and Formosa, they know it will mean war. 
I am honoured to have this role, but tonight belongs to the candidates and, just as important, to the American people. 
We all got together and everyone said, as long as everyone is in the deal, everyone is in the deal, and everyone makes sacrifices, we can find a way. 
This would be the largest ever increase in health care. 
Congressman Ryan. 
Not one thing, number one. 
And with regard to this particular operation, we saw a situation in which, first, they voted to hire the troops, to send them to war, John Edwards and John Kerry, then they came back and when the question was whether you would provide them with the resources they needed -- body armor, spare parts, ammunition -- they voted against. 
Leave me alone. 
And I think America is now seeing the reason why this nation is blocked. 
We have focused particularly on the most affected areas, because we cannot leave anyone behind. 
But also, we must continue to pursue research on adult stem cells. 
I just don't know how the president could have taken office, faced 23 million people without work, the rise in unemployment, an economic crisis at the kitchen table, and spent his energy and passion for two years fighting for Obamacare instead of fighting for jobs for the American people. 
We have the biggest surpluses in American history. 
Maintenant... 
But the reality is that the work of the President of the United States continues. 
He paid tens of millions of dollars in taxes, wages taxes, property taxes. 
What I want to do is create a strong economy, while producing energy. 
They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. 
Well, he's done it again, that line was used before, I mean, exaggerate all the things he did. 
Who's responsible? 
And we cut off these three hundred agencies and so on and so on. 
OMAMA: First of all, I think it is important for Governor Romney to present this plan, which he believes will only affect people in the future. 
Let me start with the Pell grants. 
We do not have to settle for chronically high unemployment. 
Mrs. Truman may, but I don't think so. 
It was a tense moment. 
And you have two minutes to answer, without interruption. 
I don't know if you have to be a paperwork filler, but most of this is because of the federal government. 
I believe that any citizen who respects the law and pays taxes and who presents himself in the morning and does not break the law and interfere with his neighbours should have the capacity to work in our country and should not be subjected to unfair discrimination. 
The middle class got hit on their heels. 
There are alternatives to achieving the objective I have, i.e. reducing rates, broadening the base, simplifying the code and creating incentives for growth. 
And it went through that, including the Democrats, fairly. 
Our speakers are James Wieghart, National Policy Correspondent for Scripps-Howard News Service; Diane Sawyer, CBS Program Correspondent "60 Minutes" and Fred Barnes, National Policy Correspondent for the Baltimore Sun. 
There's no way they can give up. 
For me, this is the best way to secure America. 
Not in the defense of Formosa and Pescadores. 
I said, if we didn't do what we do, we would have a big budget surplus. 
We need to do better. 
SCHIEFFER: Let me ask you the next question, Senator Kerry, and again, let me stay on health care. 
We have a distinct and uneven school system in the United States of America. 
Yes. 
And you have two minutes, without interruption. 
We're gonna keep doing this. 
DOLE: I do not agree with what the President said, except that he waited four years to do these things, and I think that should be the case, it will be the first day. 
It's about what's happening right now in America. 
As for the reason I should be, and he shouldn't be, when he was a candidate in 1976, President Carter invented something he called the index of misery. 
But that wasn't the point. 
And I exhort, I exhort my people. 
Let him answer. 
We -- we think about their families and we take care of them deeply. 
Ce type... 
KERRY: Former Governor Racicot, as president of the Republican Party, said he thought the patriotic law should be amended and corrected. 
QUIJANO: There are many people in this country who wonder about the economy. 
I think you should take the break. 
There are thousands of other examples. 
I think it's wrong to use a litmus test. 
There are people who hurt, there are families who can't stay together. 
My reference to what you said in 2002, and my question was... 
I will start a segment by asking each of you a question, sometimes the same question, sometimes a different question on the same subject. 
It seems to me that you have a selective memory. 
We have a big philosophical difference here tonight between the one who thinks the government can do all these things through tax and spending, and the one who thinks it should go the other way. 
We cut the deficit by 60%. 
Does it not reward terrorism, does it not compromise our neutrality and perhaps it does not upset the nations that are now friends with us in the Middle East? 
I remember when Ronald Reagan was the president; he was principled. 
He also stated in December 2003 that anyone who doubts that the world is safer without Saddam Hussein does not have the judgment to be president. 
Because in a bipartite way, everyone agrees, it's a big time bomb that's going to devour us maybe even more than the mortgage crisis. 
We are now facing a trade deficit of $120 billion in this country. 
Look at that. 
In fact, you, as a housewife, do not get any tax benefits under Gore's tax plan, contrary to the Bush proposal. 
And the magnitude of the tax cuts you're talking about, Governor, would eventually lead to serious difficulties for people, but more importantly, would not help us grow. 
I certainly wouldn't cut off atomic power. 
But I had a lot of scars, because when I was Governor of Virginia, there was a horrible shooting at Virginia Tech, and we learned that thanks to this painful situation, the gaps in the background control system should have been closed and it could have prevented this crime, and so we're going to work on things like close background checks. 
I have been a member of the Senate Committee on External Relations; I rise to the Chair with the full knowledge that his great responsibility, which is truly entrusted to him by the Constitution and by the force of events, is in the field of foreign affairs. 
After all, there are 2 million refugees now because of the problems in what was Yugoslavia, the largest number since the Second World War, and there can be hundreds of thousands of people who will die of hunger or cold this winter. 
It was because they were too extreme. 
Of course it's on the table. 
In fact, the demographic explosion, if you look at the real figures, has been very exaggerated - too exaggerated. 
In the last debate, the president said, "Well, it would be a big tax gap if we did that. » 
You know, they even had the Department of Defense issue a memorandum saying, "Don't bother asking for help or being part of the reconstruction if you weren't part of our original coalition." 
In addition to what you mentioned, they were also concerned about this all-powerful central government in Washington, D.C., which would actually confiscate your property, so -- I'm wearing it in my pocket -- I can't remove it or I'm violating the rules -- a copy of the tenth amendment that says we should give power back to the states and people, to the people here. 
We can't hand the job over to anyone else. 
I'm going to rebuild our military power. 
Thank you, Pamela. 
We have a plan to clean up two-thirds of toxic waste sites in America over the next four years. 
Your answer, sir? 
But maybe you should go see them and maybe you could better understand it. 
But I said they should focus on terror, or they'll do it. 
And I'm really gonna -- I'm gonna keep you up to about 15 seconds here. 
And that's one of the reasons I'm thrilled and proud to be on the ticket with him. 
All right. 
I chose a man who stands with me in this field and who will talk to me and work with me on it. 
The Vice-President and I do not agree on this point. 
And when I found out that bankers in this area discovered that they could not manage loans because of certain details and expenses, could not make a profit on it, I went there and helped form a non-profit organization, to buy these loans, and manage them, and do it in a way they would continue to make those loans. 
Yes, we first proposed to get rid of all this - we tried to reduce the SS-18s and those weapons. 
And I agree with the electric cars, too. 
America is still the largest producer, exporter and importer. 
PALIN: My experience as an executive will be used as mayor and business owner and regulator of oil and gas, then as governor of a large state, an enormous energy-producing state that represents much progress towards the energy independence of our nation and it is extremely t. t. it was not only this experience put to use, it was my connection with the heart of America. 
I think I'm gonna win, because the Americans know how to lead. 
Now it's the kind of growth we want more. 
However, I have never answered the question; secondly, the one that says, well, tell me, what are some of these ideas? 
First of all, by the way, I would eliminate ethanol subsidies. 
And everyone has a chance. 
Saddam Hussein did not attack us. 
Senator Kennedy, on another subject, communism is so often described as an ideology or belief that exists elsewhere than in the United States. 
I'll do both. 
It's a pleasure. 
In any case, what is really a threat to the suburbs and their safety is their inability to cope with VOCID. 
We have almost become a welfare state. 
We don't want to stay. 
Do it. 
Maybe he's for everything until he's helped by the government. 
I'll get rid of it. 
If Vice-President Biden is declared victorious and President Trump refuses to accept a peaceful transfer of power, what would be your role and responsibility as Vice-President? 
It is terribly difficult to convey a sense of credibility to the allies when you voted for the war, then you said: Bad war, bad place, bad time. 
By working together, we can do wonderful things for the United States and the free world. 
They expect that the budget deficit will continue to increase. 
So it's expensive. 
Now, you haven't put a price tag on these programs, but even if we weigh them with caution and count for full employment by the end of your first term, and we count for the economic growth that would occur during that period, there is still not enough money to pay for these programs and balance the budget with any - all the estimates I've been able to see. 
We must have control over inflation, and we must also have a favourable trade balance. 
And also, do you think the president -- the president's office has a responsibility to set an example to inspire our young people? 
And we're going to talk about both of your files, but your answer to that vice president? 
And there is nothing cunning about having sports heroes, young people who are clean and honorable and who give the rhythm. 
We need to change the system. 
But when you're president of the United States or when you're vice president and you have to fill out as I did on the night of the crisis in the Philippines, you have to make a decision, you have to make your decision. 
And then Donald Trump made it clear, once we've done all these things, that we're going to reform the immigration system we have... KAINE: I just have to correct Governor Pence.... 
They sell us about all this every year, and we sell them about it every year. 
It's a question of leadership or not leadership. 
And so John loves -- John, you like to pretend that the war started in 2007. 
Two hundred years ago, Tom Paine, when the 13 small colonies were trying to become a nation, said, we have in our power to start the world over again. 
He wants to shut this country down and I want to keep it open, and we've done a big thing by shutting it down. 
As well as things are today, Al Gore and I believe that with your help and the help of God, we can further improve the future of this good and blessed country. 
I'm talking to the parents. 
John didn't. 
or 15 months ago, about what he believed in. 
The inflation rate, as announced the other day, is less than 5 per cent, and the 4.4 per cent rate indicated at the time of GDP of 4 per cent was below the 5.4 per cent rate. 
We didn't. 
So, in the end, this is an unfair and unacceptable situation. 
That would be good for me. 
You have repeatedly accused President Bush -- not here tonight, but elsewhere -- of not telling the truth about Iraq, essentially lying to the American people about Iraq. 
With our country's normal growth and population growth, we are still increasing the number of jobs. 
We had a one. 
We're far from the subject here, Governor Romney. 
But as far as our national security is concerned, I mean what I'm saying. 
And in the budget I recommended, we cut it by half - a growth rate of 5 to 5 and a half percent. 
If they do, they should talk and say it, but that's not what they say. 
And when we get enough money, honey, we'll drop you." 
The commission designed the format: Six segments of about 15 minutes with two-minute answers to the first question, then an open discussion for the rest of each segment. 
Let's make it a strength, not a weakness. 
And I'd feel very uncomfortable doing that. 
There's a woman named Winifred Skinner here tonight from Iowa. 
Don't do it -- you don't have to believe it. 
No children left behind have been implemented. 
There is a bill on the floor of the United States Senate for which he could have stood and voted if he needed it so much. 
And, of course, we know that the Russians control other energy sources in Europe, which they have used from time to time. 
According to all the best estimates, our air and our land are cleaner than ever. 
And we could even have the House by then. 
That's the person who, after us -- we didn't even finish Afghanistan, where he said, "Next, Baghdad." 
I have seen the family values of my people in Arkansas. 
We will have to sit on the other side of the table, Republican and Democratic, as we did in 1983 between Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill. 
The President of the United States was officially told that this was a $20 billion problem. 
We want to do this for millions of others across the country. 
The Republican party produced McKinley and Harding, Coolidge, Dewey and Landon. 
Where can a child enter and sink his heart after being on the Internet and enter and decide to take someone else's life? 
TRUMP: ... extremely hard on Hillary, his family, and I thought, "I can't do it. 
I think, frankly, that it is not moral for my generation to continue to spend massively more than we take, knowing that these burdens will be passed on to the next generation and that they will pay the interest and the principal all their lives. 
You certainly did. 
It's all right. 
The primary responsibility for education is, of course, at the state and local levels. 
He's protecting the Everglades in Florida. 
John Kerry, Vice-President, voted or co-sponsored more than 600 times tax cuts for the American people -- more than 600 times. 
Our challenge is to stop the financial hemorrhage. 
The wait is that we will still have 200,000 Americans dead by then, by the end of the year. 
They can pass it on to their children if they want to. 
What kind of country are we going to give to our children? 
This country changed dramatically in 1969 when the terms of John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson came to an end and Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford became presidents. 
Now, if you want to change the laws, you've been here a long time, change the laws. 
Come on. 
Mr. Reagan and Mr. Anderson will respond with their views on some of the questions asked by my colleagues: Carol Loomis of Fortune Magazine; Daniel Greenberg, union columnist; Charles Corddry of Baltimore Sun; Lee May of Los Angeles Times; James Bryant Quinn. 
And one of them that bothers me particularly, sponsoring a law to impose a tax on combat and disability pay for veterans, to fight the men and women of America. 
I just want to make this point, Jim. 
We are committed to the environment. 
They deserve a minimum wage of $15. 
And while Joe Biden denied the Green New Deal, Susan, thank you for pointing out, the Green New Deal is on their campaign site. 
I believe that other people need to pay for them, for example, the Gulf States, which do not bear their weight, but which have only money and take care of people. 
Their solution in the city centre is more -- excuse the expression, but it's true, "socialism." 
The Ford administration has a very comprehensive program to help our major metropolitan areas. 
And children from all over the country will recognize, we will bring back an economy. 
Good evening at Field House, University of Washington, St. Louis. 
Just a comment on Senator Kennedy's last answer. 
She worked until the top, had only a secondary education, started as secretary, ended up being the vice president of a local bank. 
I'm not worried about what some members of the Iowa riding committee thought about me with respect to the next round of caucuses in 2008. 
And when we talk about your business, you went bankrupt six times. 
Jim, I want to thank you and the people here at the University of Washington and the Vice President. 
The first question is from Mr. 
That's the answer. 
I hope I'm that person. 
RADDATZ: Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidate for President, Donald J. Trump, and the Democratic candidate for President, Hillary Clinton. 
I'm trying to find my light. 
We should grant a tax reduction for the education and education of children, the purchase of a first home and the payment of health care. 
You can't pretend this money goes to Medicare and Obamacare. 
Some presidents have been strong in foreign policy, others have relied heavily on the Secretary of State. 
Why don't you bring... COOPER: We talked about e-mails. 
But more importantly, on the issue of non-registration, I helped write -- I wrote, I was one of the original authors of early childhood health care and the expansion of health care that we did in the mid-1990s. 
I started with... my father was a small business man. 
Now that the voices in Congress and across the country have insisted that we do something about China, look what happened. 
Guys, follow your instincts on this one. 
This is not an energy strategy for the future. 
But we have constantly moved the needle further and further towards inclusion, not exclusion. 
Well, I know, because we're actually on the last question. 
They don't pay us. 
We have 100,000 trained, 125,000 by the end of the year, 200,000 by the end of next year. 
It's a fair plan. 
We need to do this now, because it will make our businesses and families better. 
First of all, I'm going from the beginning -- we're going to cut the discretionary budget by about 5 per cent, excluding the military. 
Please vote, vote early, propose a voting plan, go to e.m. You can also go to Joe n.m. We have in our power in the next 27 days to make the decision on what will be the course of our country for the next four years. 
Our first subject is the Supreme Court. 
We have to stop them from leaving. 
It's a plan... BIDEN: Not a democrat who (inaudible). 
I mean, you can love him or not. 
Was it spontaneous? 
If you help create profits, you should be able to share in them, not just the leaders at the top. 
In addition, many countries in the world still retain restrictions against our goads, going up to the time when there was a shortage of dollars. 
It doesn't work like that. 
But change is coming. 
IFILL: Let me clarify something, Senator McCain said that he supports carbon capping. 
Corporate America has been rewarded. 
The truth is, we've halved the increase in spending. 
In addition to that, the money I get from high-income people and to ask foreign companies to pay the same income on their income earned in America as U.S. companies will be used to give incentives to high-income people. 
It's an incredible business. 
I say -- I was joking with a veteran -- I even hate going. 
When they see Russia watering other sanctions, the only reason we got a UN sanction is that Russia watered it and prevented these sanctions from the central bank in the first place. 
Thank you for your questions tonight, very, very. 
He didn't take that. 
I spent a lot of money getting him through all these forms of ethics and he'll make my taxes over the next eight years while we're at the White House so the American public can be sure that everything has been taken care of. 
Mr Khrushchev is in New York, and he maintains the communist offensive throughout the world because of the productive power of the Soviet Union itself. 
But for young people, we need to talk about the changes that are going to happen. 
One of the things that happens when you are governor, at least often you have to make difficult decisions. You cannot let public persuasion influence you, because the job is to enforce the law. And that's what I did, sir. There's been some tough business on my desk. Some of the toughest times since I was Governor of the State of Texas are dealing with these cases. 
If you graduated in the best quarter of your airlines, we gave you a John and Abigail Adams scholarship, four years of free education at the university of your choice in Massachusetts, it's a public institution. 
In the 1973 crisis, it was supposed to be a temporary agency, now it's permanent, it's huge, it's growing every day. 
It's a sexual assault. 
I'm calling you, sir, to do this. 
And after that, a number of women came forward and said that's exactly what he did to them. 
And you cannot have a strong economy without strong communities and strong families. 
I, I still remember a woman I met ten years ago who said she wanted to get out of social welfare so her kids could say, give an answer when they said, "What's your mom doing for a job?" I met that woman again. 
BUSH: I thought it was interesting that for the two minutes he spent about a million and a half on my plan, which means he doesn't want you to know what it's doing to charge IOUs for future generations. 
The commander said we couldn't win there. 
But we have huge differences. 
They're looking for change. 
The change of emphasis was very worrying for me, speaking of the Middle East. 
He blocked it, because we adopted it in the United States Senate. 
My opponent opposed missile defences. 
But we're going to do it in a way that's trying to save some of the 33,000 lives we lose every year. 
Small businesses will not have a mandate. 
Another is how to tackle the troubled regions of the world. 
Very few people knew who I was. 
(Laughter, applause) Discounts and taxes and expenses, or anything you want to call them, are at swordpoints. 
You need to reaffirm your ownership in this country and you need to reform our government completely. 
Last May, in a speech to the United Nations, I pleaded that we should act immediately as a nation to declare a complete moratorium on the testing of all nuclear devices, weapons and peaceful devices; that we should no longer ship atomic fuel to a country that refuses to comply with strict controls on waste that can be converted into explosives. 
Mr President, I want to follow up on this, because there have been several questions from the audience along this line. 
The president just said that the health care administered by the government is of poor quality. 
They are called poll observers, a very sure thing, very pleasant. 
Every time you do this, you take a risk. 
We can't be content with anything but the best. 
FORD: It must first be understood that SALT I expires on October 3, 1977. 
That is absolutely not true. 
Syria. 
That is a very important question. 
That is, their race, nationality, sex, sexual orientation, etc., etc. 
I think that fiscal policy is a major difference between Senator McCain and myself. 
And you can't do it with a tax code and a regulatory code and people chasing each other with frivolous costumes, as this administration allows you to arrive. 
People will tell you who served with Bob Dole, agree or disagree, he kept his word. 
They go to many other countries. 
It is a question of trust and fear, and I would say, Mr President, that all you have in this campaign is fear. 
And I appreciate that question. 
And I will say, as I said at the beginning, what is on the ballot paper here is the character of this country. 
But I didn't pick Lloyd Bentsen because he was a Mike Dukakis clone. 
The federal government has reduced Medicare and Medicaid in recent years, the states have reduced Medicaid -- we've done it in Arkansas under budgetary pressure. 
This crime bill will be one of my top priorities in January if I become President. 
Not just for you, but for the whole nation. 
Now we have three. 
This is a big question about Iran. 
BUSH: First of all, let me tell you that the best way for Iraq to be safe is for Iraqi citizens to be trained to do this job. 
GORE: Well, Senator Dole said he wanted to abolish the Department of Education. 
In 1991, he voted against Desert Storm. 
They said that this tax system would not only increase taxes on 9 million hard-working American families, but would also almost inevitably lead to deep cuts in health insurance and defence. 
Mr. GROER (spoke in French): Mr. Vice-President, you said that you wanted a nicer and gentler presidency that would help the less fortunate. 
So what this means is that we can't just break our way out of the problem. 
Our government, in its most sacred documents - the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence and everything - speaks of the man being created, of a Creator. 
And other foreign fighters are pouring into this country. 
We were here. 
I will do the things that are necessary to put our country's environment number one. 
Quick, Mr. President. 
And I believe in all my heart that President Donald Trump will be re-elected for another four years. 
This should be aid, and tax relief and the proposals I have just described should be a good aid. 
And if we have mathematics teachers who can provide the kind of support they need for our children, that's what will determine whether new businesses are created here or not. 
And we punished them. 
The British military commander-in-chief, who is now conducting a second tour, and their chief diplomatic presence, Sherard Cowper-Coles, who is well known as an expert in the region, both said that we were failing in Afghanistan. 
My friends, part of this $700 billion ends up in the hands of terrorist organizations. 
There's too much partisanship in Washington. 
The history of our relations with Iran goes back to the time when President Truman decided that it was absolutely necessary for our own security and that of Iran, that we should help that country, and Iran was a good ally. 
But I think it's really, really important that those of us who have deep faith don't feel like we could just substitute our own views for all the others in society, regardless of their views. 
In 1933, Franklin Roosevelt declared in his inauguration that this generation of Americans has an appointment with destiny. 
In your opinion, which specific weapons systems could be subject to mutual and verifiable freezing, and who could not? 
KAINE: The terrorist threat has diminished in a way, because Bin Laden is dead. 
And I believe that free Afghanistan and free Iraq will serve as a powerful example for millions of people who plead in silence for freedom throughout the Middle East. 
And we spent some time, and we said a prayer and, remarkably, about two months later, this young man and his mother came, and it seemed incredible, good as new. 
You will never add to the coalition with this kind of attitude. 
I know it was controversial, but Al Gore and I thought it was important in the short term to reach the strategic oil reserve, to take some of the oil we have, to put it on the market, to show the major oil companies and OPEC oil-producing countries that we have obtained the resources we can fight with. 
I'm not gonna cut the profits. 
It is now the largest government in peacetime of all time in terms of taking the total economy. 
I want to go on the path of growth that puts the Americans to work with more money coming in because they're working. 
I can promise you I'll try not to, and hard. 
You're stuck in a time distortion in many ways. 
Mondale, you just complained about Jerry Falwell, and you complained about other fundamentalists in politics. 
Yet, at the same time, it was very - we were very unpopular in Europe because of the decisions it took. 
High expectations, solid accounts. 
We didn't remove them. 
This allows them to maintain their self-respect. 
May I finish? 
TRUMP: Well, I talked to the companies and we can have it much earlier. 
People turn to the president of the United States more than any other person in America. 
BRUNO: Good evening in Atlanta and welcome to the vice-president debate sponsored by the non-partisan Commission of the presidential debates. 
And I was probably one of the first senators, with Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire, a former senator, to go down into the KGB under Treblinka Square and see reams of files with names in them. 
And you know, there were some of us who got up two years ago and said we had to pass a law to deal with this. 
And all I'm saying is that I don't know what the 1960s will bring - except that I think they will bring difficult moments into the international sphere; I hope that we can move forward here in the United States; I am convinced that we can do much better to mobilize our economy and resources in the United States. 
And then I brought people together to do it. 
Now, we've heard all the points of discussion, so let's try to tell people tonight some things they -- they haven't heard. 
It's an incredibly powerful nuclear deterrent. 
I guess you'd say I'm a good steward of the earth. 
He knew it. 
You have so many different things that you must be able to do, and I don't think Hillary has endurance. 
I would like to go back to the previous question, where Mr Ford, I think, confused the problem by trying to say that we are shipping Israel 40% of our aid. 
We must save as many lives as possible. 
I think I'm right because I think we need a coherent foreign policy, a strong America and a strong economy. 
The governor of Massachusetts simply disagrees with dominant America. 
I would further strengthen those sanctions. 
African-Americans are super predators and they've never forgotten it. 
I know what a hate crime law is pending at the national level following the death of James Byrd. 
He stripped us of jobs in manufacturing. 
We have a lot of money. 
You see all these people? 
And Governor Romney wants to bring us back to these policies, a foreign policy that is bad and reckless, economic policies that will not create jobs, will not reduce our deficit, but will ensure that people at the top do not have to play according to the same rules as you. 
It's a tool that law enforcement forces now use to talk to each other. 
I was in Middletown, Ohio, talking to a social worker woman, where she said I wanted to go back to work and I had a job that was offered to me, but I'm not going to take it because I have two children at home and the job that is offered to me has no health insurance. 
I'm gonna change that. 
I tried to make it clear tonight. 
However, if the insurance company does not follow the findings of the IRO, it becomes a case before a court of law. 
Now, the facts are that we have to fix it. 
Yes, sir? 
And if he were to become, uh--the President of the United States, with his extensive experience as a member of the House and a member of the Senate, and a Vice-President, I think he would do a remarkable job as President of the United States. 
And then peace. 
Candidates, we look forward to hearing you articulate your policies and positions, as well as your visions and values. 
Do you promise the American people here tonight that in a four-year presidential term, you will balance the federal budget? 
We have always been an ambitious nation for America and we are moving forward. 
And that's why it's so critical, that we make America once again the most attractive place in the world to start businesses, to build jobs, to develop the economy. 
There's a reason Governor Romney put in place the plan he made in Massachusetts. 
Can you two be absolutely clear and specific to the American people how effective a military strike would be? 
Makes me smart. 
Merci, Hal. 
This would probably cost the Treasury a little money in loss of revenue. 
I think you must have greater oil and gas production, greater coal production, greater nuclear production and, in addition, energy saving. 
And Senator Fulbright, Senator Humphrey and I tried to do that. 
It's very simple. 
And yet, it opposed them on issues such as Syria and their invasion of Georgia. 
By the way, I went there once, and we walked in and into the car, and there was a huge poster. 
That's not the point. 
I accompanied James Lee Witt to Texas when these fires broke out. 
We are in a difficult economic period, as we all know. 
Senator Tsongas, a good friend of Senator Gore, Vice-Chair Gore suggested that he feared that his party would fall into the trap of the employee's love, but hated the employer. 
Every life counts. 
It's always been a serious crime and it should always be a serious crime. 
Of course, we would not use the Russians if they did not agree with our answer, Mr Vice-President. 
We have already granted tax reductions to 15 million of America's busiest families. 
So part of the job of the next Commander-in-Chief, to keep you all safe, is to make sure that we can see some of the challenges of the 21st century and anticipate them before they happen. 
But I have to admit that this was the first time I really focused on her in a new way. 
TRUMP: It's a very political thing. 
We do not know what the health status of the dear leader is today, but we know that the North Koreans have broken all the agreements they have made. 
$30 billion, even for scholarships and college loans. 
It's gone -- it's gone one. 
We need a new military policy and a new national security policy to meet the challenges of the post-cold war era, a smaller but more mobile permanent military force, well-trained with high-tech equipment. 
It's probably obvious. 
He promised to apply the death penalty. 
Mr. MCCAIN: I would consider anyone in his qualifications. 
(Applause) LEHRER: This evening's questions will be divided on an equal footing between foreign and domestic policy issues. 
The tests should be confidential, but we must have knowledge. 
He's -- look, they went through a horrible situation in Beslan, where these terrorists shot down young students. 
And again, as Senator Kerry has determined, you go first, and you have two minutes. 
The car worker in Toledo who was unemployed when I was elected and now has an excellent job because we are number one in automotive production again. 
We're quarantined Mr. Castro today. 
You want to continue the multinational talks, don't you? That's right. And you're ready to do it... both of you. I want bilateral talks that put all the questions, the armistice of 1952, economic issues, human rights issues, issues relating to the elimination of artillery, issues relating to the demilitarized zone and nuclear issues on the table. 
Hon.BENTSEN: Senator, much of the campaign of the Dukakis and Bentsen was devoted to the idea that Senator Quayle is not ready for the vice-presidency and perhaps the presidency, and certainly nothing you have said here tonight suggests that you think otherwise. 
I just spoke to you about this loss of employment in manufacturing that will increase. 
The fact is that there is institutional racism in America. 
Will the benefits to Americans under these programs have to change for programs to survive? 
I agree with Governor Bush that we should have a new responsibility, test the students. 
We speak of freedom and respect the freedom of the American people. 
It's a matter of secrecy and exclusion. 
Secretary Clinton, two minutes? 
And Ronald Reagan is clearly the strong leader of the free world. 
With her, it's all talk and no action. 
Unless the president speaks, then, of course, the country does not speak, and Franklin Roosevelt said: "The pre-heu - the presidency of the United States is above all a place of moral leadership." 
The pictures don't fix anything. 
The Arab countries should not have a civil war. 
What really matters is what happens to your future and what happens to our country when we are on the verge of a new century, a period of extraordinary possibilities. 
The lawyers of the trial, of course they like the trials, so every time they have a bill they want to veto, the president veto them. 
Mr.Nelson, I have testified before two committees, the House and the Senate, on the questions you have asked. 
I'm sure you've already fired most of them, because they did a good job. 
We will not rest and we will not be happy until every person in this country who wants a job can have one, until the recovery is complete throughout the country. 
I assume that my concern is a concern not only as a candidate for the Vice-President, but as a citizen in this country. 
I think these young athletes who represented us at the Olympics were extremely impressive. 
Less than four-tenths of 1% of waste or fraud in the program. 
We weren't involved. 
I would like to have this veto power for the President, because I think it would be extraordinarily useful. 
You'll look in vain at Donald Trump taking responsibility for anyone and g.n. There are two plans on the table. 
I thought that was the subject we were supposed to be on. 
And you build infrastructure, and you regulate government spending, and you make our -- our independent energy nation. 
Because you're actually a victim, whether you're a person who makes $300,000 - $300,000 a year, or someone who's on food stamps. 
A ceasefire, the United States, Russia and Syria. 
When I arrived in the U.S. Senate and was a member of the judicial committee as a young lawyer, I was of the opinion that the only thing that mattered was whether a candidate appointed or not, suggested by the chair, had a judicial temperament, had not committed a crime of moral turpitude, and had been -- had been a good t.d. it didn't take me long -- it was difficult to change, but it didn't take me long, but it took me about five years to realize that this judge's ideology makes a big difference. 
Should we have listened to my opponent who wanted to send the UN to the Persian Gulf or despite the mistakes of the past, do we do better there? 
The American people have witnessed what is the greatest failure of any presidential administration in the history of our country. 
BROKAW: Thank you very much, senator. 
It's the big bond. 
I said it's gonna take a lot of work. 
He's talking about PAYGO. 
First of all, Mr. Mondale must know that the President of the United States did not order the marines to enter that barracks. 
I will give a new direction to this economy in this country. 
Time alone will determine the last question. 
Governor Clinton, 1 minute. 
I promise you, I'll do it. 
And so the election is... 
That's why it is. 
I think the IMF has a role to play in the world, but I don't want to see the IMF there as a way to tell global bankers, if you make a bad loan, we'll bail you out. 
Over the last 15 years. 
But do you know why I think we'll have a deal? 
This means tax reform and, if necessary, tax cuts that will boost more jobs. 
Now we will probably have to increase to the same extent. 
Do you see conventional forces as a substitute for our strategic forces, and by not speaking of land missiles and not committing to modernization, do you believe in any way that we can have a surviving nuclear force based on the air and maritime legs of our triad? 
He changes his mind so often, I might be wrong. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President? 
You have 91 federal corporations, I mean, fortune 500, which don't pay a cent of taxes making billions of dollars. 
That's for sure. 
A president must lead his government or it will not be done. 
The reality is that when you look at the Biden plan, it reads a lot like what President Trump and I and our working group have done at every step of the way. 
Colin Powell, our Secretary of State, once announced that we would continue working dialogue with the North Koreans. 
Governor Romney, I want you to meet Barry Green, because he's gonna ask you the last question first? 
Check it out. 
Now we're still fighting to get Mosul. 
There will be three minutes of closing statements, but no opening statements. 
I do not believe in the constitutional amendments that would interfere with that. 
I mean, to be honest with you, if Donald Trump had said all the things you said he said as you said, he still wouldn't have a fraction of the insults Hillary Clinton leveled when she said half of our supporters were a basket of deplorables. 
And, and I'm gonna tell you something, some people may say the most important. 
60% of children born in our major cities today were born out of wedlock. 
Now, I don't want to get into this -- BUSH: Please don't get into the Washington Post. 
And the formula I gave you works, we put it through a good economic model, we have good economists on the West Coast, Michael Boskin and Marty Feldstein there who is a highly respected economist in Massachusetts. 
Mr. CLINTON: [laughs] Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald, first of all, NATO. 
Peter, this is one of the most distressing decisions a president has to make. 
But that's how I feel. 
For a great diversion. 
So we need to move on. 
I have clear eyes on this. 
And thank you for your service in the country. 
Mr. Trump, we're talking about the burden the Americans have to pay, but you haven't published your tax returns. 
And, in fact, any connection with Al-Qaida is at best tenuous. 
Hon.LEHRER: Two minutes on Russia, Senator McCain. 
And by the way, this program, again, has been investigated. 
We now have five nations with atomic bombs that we know. 
Currently, we provide $15 billion annually in subsidies to private insurers under the health insurance plan. 
And instead of focusing on tax cuts primarily for the rich, we want -- I want tax cuts for middle-class families and I want to continue the prosperity and make sure it enriches not only a few, but all our families. 
The problem of rising taxes is that it slows down the growth rate. 
Mr. Reagan, your answer. 
Why didn't you change when you were a senator? 
I am interested in working with and doing a lot of our nations. 
Now, just because we don't want to get involved everywhere doesn't mean we should step back anywhere. 
Yes. 
If you earn more -- if you earn less than a quarter of a million dollars a year, then you won't see your income tax increase, your capital gains tax increase, your payroll tax. 
It will be a world of peace because we are going to have a clear vision of foreign policy based on a strong army and a mission that stands with our friends. 
Bill and that allowed him to go to college, it wasn't a document. 
After a year's investigation, there is no evidence that anyone hacked the server I was using and there is no evidence that anyone can indicate at all — anyone else has no reason — that any classified material has ended up in the wrong hands.I take the classified materials very seriously and always have. 
Mr. Trump, I'm going to... see his website. 
There are no magic answers to do so. 
We kind of want to try to stay there and control it. 
And we have very good Republicans running. 
Mondale, that the polls gave you less points on leadership than President Reagan because your message failed to pass. 
We use the figures presented by the Congressional Non-partisan Budget Office. 
I am Martha Raddatz of ABC News, and I am honoured to moderate this debate between two men who have devoted much of their lives to the public service. 
The president won. 
MODERATOR: Let's move on to a few details now. 
Mr. WALLACE: Thank you, Secretary Clinton. 
You do this by lowering taxes on American workers and our businesses. 
You want to make suggestions to me? 
Margaret, may I come back and tell the vice president that I didn't attack the Massachusetts pension fund, you're wrong, George, we didn't do that. 
Now Senator McCain has a different approach. 
Stop. 
A note, no one in a campaign, or in the commission or anywhere else was told in advance what topics I will raise or what questions I will ask. 
Sometimes you just have to do it because you know it's good for the country in the long term. 
So, I'm asking you, where do you hold the arms control, and what do you intend to do about it? 
He created a floor under which elders cannot fall, and so many depend on it for their basic life, for their subsistence. 
Who is it, Bernie? 
Because we have a lot of people who advocate not putting our money into social security. 
The oil industry earns $4 billion a year in corporate well-being. 
I noted, for example, by reading a -- uh -- particular discussion that Senator Kennedy had with Dave Garroway shortly after -- his statement on regrets, that he made the statement that he thought those particular flights were those that should not have happened at that time, and the indication was how Mr. 
All right, but go ahead, sir. 
How can we implement them? 
I welcome you to the last presidential debate in 2020 between President Donald J. Trump and former Vice-President Joe Biden. 
Of course, we need to curb the growth of fee spending. 
Come to our site. 
That's how we really feel. 
He's lost jobs. 
And we will have so many people who are qualified for the best job that it will be great. 
Peter, a question? 
Basically, it's an echo. 
India started at about the same place as China. 
You don't know what's on the ballot paper. 
And I'm gonna tell you, I had a town hall meeting in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire, and a woman got up and she said, "Senator McCain, I want you to do me the honor of wearing a bracelet with my son's name on it." 
And she'll never change. 
I'm not questioning his passion. 
But once again, with some of those dictators who hate America and hate what we defend, with our freedoms, democracy, tolerance, respect for women's rights, those who would try to destroy what we defend cannot be met simply sitting at the presidential level as Barack Obama had said he would be willing to do. 
(Applause) SHAW: Ann has a question for you, Mr Vice-President. 
Let me tell you, number one, don't throw away the labels. 
So, they say... how do you make this up? 
Do you think there is a difference in basic philosophy between these two notes, or are these details, which you both talked about? 
Okay, (inaudible) -- OBAMA: And so what we did was to remove those leases. 
This is the toughest decision of a president. 
TRUMP: So you did this, and they call you super-predator and I let people out now, that you've treated the Afro-American community, you've treated the black community as bad as anyone in this country. 
Is that Randee? 
Thus, 77 government programs, everything that came from aircraft that the Air Force had ordered but that were not functioning very well, 18 government education programs that were well-intentioned, not helping children learn, we continued medical fraud in Medicare and Medicaid in a very aggressive, more aggressive manner than ever, and we saved tens of billions of dollars, 50 billion of waste taken from the system. 
It's your strength, your values, the quality of the people you choose. 
And they're gonna do it. 
Did the war in Iraq cost the lives of the Americans, 1,052 today? 
But Detroit is taxed for money that, let's say, goes to Chicago, while Chicago is taxed to help with problems in Philadelphia. 
We have a document in support of my economic speech a few weeks ago in Chicago, which gives all the figures. 
Over the past four years, you have cut federal land and federal waters by half. 
As far as North Korea is concerned, the real story is: We had inspectors and television cameras in the nuclear reactor in North Korea. 
Do I just have a minute here? 
When my mother got in the car when there was frost to drive me to school, lit the wipers over there, there was oil in the window. 
That's the record. 
So they have actually supported the sanctions package, although many of the sanctions are against Chinese companies, we are working with China, and we must do so. 
I'd be kept in my approach. 
But the distinction here is that Joe Biden, 47 years old in the public service, compared to President Donald Trump, who brought all this experience four years ago – 
With respect to the question of RU-486, we believe that -- of course, it was recently approved by the FDA. 
Your settlements are a disaster, and you're going to increase settlements all over e.d. by the way, my tax reduction is the most important since Ronald Reagan. 
In other words, if we continue to maintain our position in the 1960s, we must maintain a sound monetary and fiscal policy. 
I'm shocked to hear that. 
It is run by a handful of tribes. 
She has no idea. 
Merci, Elaine. 
It's about Kipp Academy in Houston, Texas. 
The second point, however, is that he's now skyrocketing out of control. 
Four, in the votes at the United Nations, in particular the vote on Red China last Saturday, we received support for the position we had taken from only two African countries - one, Liberia, which had been linked to us for more than a century, and the other, the Union of South Africa, which is not a popular country in Africa. 
In any case, whatever the checklist in 1992, everything is done with the reform of campaign financing. 
And you'll see the dozens of sources checking that he was for the invasion of Iraq. 
And now she wants to sign TPP, even if she says now she's for her. 
And the essence of the plan is that you would turn Medicare into a good program. 
Now I agree with him. 
Have a weapons-free zone around all schools in this country. 
What agreement would you accept, Mr. President? 
Quayle: Well, we're gonna have a lot of time to talk about administration, which you are for. 
I would be ready to have another debate this year. 
In the real world, i.e. outside Washington, D.C., compensation and achievement are based on defined and achieved objectives. 
OBAMA: When I entered the oval office, I had more than a trillion dollars of deficit to greet me. 
A different country. 
Well, Al, if it's economics, ask Van Woods, a young entrepreneur who owns a restaurant in Harlem, if it's economics. 
I remember what the administration tried to do in 1993. 
It offers retreading of programs that have failed. 
We must be honest with the American people. 
And because of my ass, I'm going to redirect this question to Secretary Cheney. 
We have certainly gone beyond that and some have made offers to the Soviet Union on testing control, disarmament, and in any other way. 
She came from Iowa to a Winnebago with her poodle to attend tonight. 
Thanks to the miraculous sacrifice of doctors and nurses, the child remained alive for six months and died. 
They're not gonna follow an American president who says he's following me in a mistake. 
How do you answer -- CLINTON: I agree with him. Let's go. 
Emphasis should be placed on the interpretation of the Constitution and laws between the protection of property and personal protection. 
In the hands of a terrorist enemy. 
I sat there. 
With the league, as you know, sir. 
HOWE: We only have time for one or two more questions before the final statements. 
I think so. 
It came from this man who voted to put two wars on a credit card, to put at the same time a prescription medicine on the credit card, a tax reduction of a thousand billion dollars for the very rich. 
And he did. 
And I firmly believe that, first of all, we will never accept violence, but we must always fight for the values that are dear to us, including the struggle to achieve our ideals. 
And in my administration, we're going to train the National Guard to prevent him from crossing the border. 
Is it not the sentence, not new taxes, that deceives voters? 
Trump... TRUMP: I'd like to answer that. 
All right, gentlemen, I just want to call you back once again. 
If you did that, you could take the advantage of the incumbents because contenders like me would have a chance to run against incumbents like him for house races and Senate races, and then voters could make their own decisions without being subjected to an unfair fight. 
I am thinking of the people in the law enforcement community who take their lives in their hands every day, when they step up to one of these doors and break it down and try to stop this flow of drugs in our communities and children. 
You said that if Congress voted to extend the ban on assault weapons, that you would sign the law, but you did nothing to encourage Congress to extend it. 
After all, when you amend the Constitution, state parliaments must participate in the ratification of the Constitution. 
And I can tell you right now that Senator Obama would have brought our troops home in defeat. 
He talked about the fact that Iraqis like to be free. 
And 95 percent of people in the United States of America who earn less than $150,000 will get a tax k. w, which seems to me to be a simple fairness. 
I think we're making progress here. 
And I also know that in a free society, consenting adults can live as they want. 
And we have the best carbon emissions we've had in 35 years. 
He said only two years ago that Bob Dole's 1982 tax increase was the largest tax increase in world history, but let's go to the end. 
I think he did. 
A follow-up in two parts. 
That's exactly where we're meeting today. 
He said the problem of nuclear proliferation is that a fool or maniac could trigger a catastrophic event. 
We believe that with this improvement in the economy, we feel that with more revenue and less disbursements, we can increase moderately, as I recommended, over the next ten years, a new park program that would pay $1.5 billion, doubling our national park system. 
But before I answer any further, let me thank you for being moderated. 
KEMP: Well, as I said earlier, Jim, it takes two breadwinners to do what a breadwinner could have done a few years ago. 
At the same time, however, I did not believe that prayer should be introduced into an election or part of a political campaign - or religion part of that campaign. 
And we saw Vice President Bush come back from the west coast to break a tie in the United States Senate. 
What we need, however, is not only that, but to move forward, not only to welcome us, but also to ask us to continue to face America's problems. 
It didn't. 
You tried the last time you ran. 
Senator Obama suspended these requests for pig bar projects after he came to the presidency of the United States. 
We did it, 25% on the whole. 
Yes, I understand what that means to the Commander-in-Chief. 
It's the nature of the enemy, by the way. 
He keeps talking about, "Let the detectives do their job." 
You shouldn't smoke. 
I will ask the questions without any limitation on the subjects. 
It's probably the worst of all. 
Now you objected in this campaign to the style with which much of this was done, and you mentioned other things you think you should have done. 
Medicare has been adjusted 23 times since its inception in 1965. 
We're going to increase federal spending. 
If they can't get a loan, that means they can't pay. 
You didn't want a status as... OBAMA: What I wouldn't have done was leave 10,000 soldiers in Iraq that would bind us. 
PAGE: Thank you, senator. 
I don't think we should do that. 
GORE: Well, you notice in his answer, Dan didn't say that I support a woman's right to choose. 
If you are married, you are entitled to tax relief. 
He said, "What would you do if I told you that Jesse Helms and Dot Helms had adopted a child who had a dental device and was really in need?" 
There is no way to get the answer to a question. 
You think she's qualified to be president? 
And I understand that they include investments outside the United States, including in -- Chinese companies. 
I received more e-mail this week on this issue than any other question. 
I talk about it when I visit vocational training centres. 
Well, let me first talk about what the Vice-President has just said, and then I will answer that question. 
We now have 2500 hospices. 
Duration limits for members of the U.S. Congress. 
So I want to do something about it. 
And I think they looked and thought, well, it's an unusual honour to receive from the President of the United States. 
Tonight, I have the privilege of chairing the third round of radio and television meetings of the two main presidential candidates. 
Go ahead, Vice President Quayle. 
So I see this as a compliment.I'll say this about Hillary. 
The two parties in Washington, the President and Congress, cut Medicare. 
We have a clear distinction between white collar crimes - the - big shots that are rich, that are influential, very rarely go to prison; those who are poor and - and who have no influence uh are often those who are punished. 
Come on. 
I intend to provide our schools with standards, but we help our teachers teach and raise our schools by funding No Child Left Behind. 
And I'm very proud of my plan. 
"These are the three words she left me with. 
And as commander-in-chief, it's something I've been working on and thinking about every day I've been in the oval office. 
TRUMP: So we built the largest economy in history. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator, what about talking? 
And therefore, we now have a system in which we have the opportunity to start reducing costs, instead of leaving millions of people in the cold. 
Because we have to defeat ISIS, and we have to do everything we can to disrupt their online propaganda efforts. 
This is a very unstable situation. 
We had 7 billion this year and 10 billion more than the president. 
For those of you for my opponent, vote only once. 
You know, if it was just that, I'd feel like we -- we could call it a success, but that's not the case. 
My father was born in Mexico to American parents; Ann's father was born in Wales and is a first-generation American. 
And I know it's necessary. 
MASHEK: John Adams, our country's first vice-president, once said, "Today I am nothing. 
But I'm going to tell you something, I'm proud that people who are 30 and 40 now have someone in their generation who is going to be vice-president of the United States of America. 
Check with him before eliminating him completely. 
Bill Clinton understands the meaning of the words "teamwork" and "partnership". 
The choice is yours. 
Are we going to double on the economic policies from top to bottom that have helped us get into this mess or are we adopting a new economic patriotism that says that America does the best when the middle class does the best? 
You could have done it during your 47-year period in the government, but you didn't. 
I was a leader. 
Consider, for example, the prohibition of partial abortion at birth. 
And this concerns an earlier criticism, which you began to focus on the economy, on health care, on racial divisions in this country, only after they became crises. 
So I'd really focus on getting these things out. 
So I decided that a better way to approach the issue was to involve other nations, right next to us. 
WALLACE: Good evening at the Thomas and Mack Center at Nevada University, Las Vegas. 
The trial lawyers and I, you know, my wife is a lawyer. 
Yes, I have seen figures that indicate that in September 1980 - this very month - there was a shortage of about 104,000 in the ranks between E-4 and E-9. 
We must put pressure on the Afghan government to make sure that it really works for its people. 
I agree. 
Those are the facts. 
It's a big order, but I've been fighting odds for a long time and, again, I'm honored to be here tonight. 
You have to be strong, and you have to be aggressive. 
Mondale, it's your turn to refute. 
REAGAN: Yes, it is very difficult to refute, because I agree so much with Mr. 
- Much faster. 
Please take 30 seconds and we will continue. 
RADDATZ: When can you get it below 6 percent? 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Governor, you have a minute to answer. 
Nuclear weapons should never be combated, and that is our approach. 
So we have -- as we said, if you want to keep doing business and selling your products here, you're going to have to stop hacking our CDs, and they agreed to do things and check that they did, which will make the problem much better. 
We have changed many provisions that I have written, cover pre-existing conditions, portability, and there are other things we can do. 
Where's the American army you'd bring back if you became president? 
We should reach out, make sure everyone has a chance to participate. 
And we can renew and revive the American spirit and make our future what our founders dreamed it could be. 
Then she said, "But, Senator McCain, I want you to do everything -- promise me one thing: you will do everything in your power to make sure that my son's death is not in vain. » 
This is the kind of priority that will be at the top of our list from January 1989. 
And one of the reasons that matters is that Israel cannot have a direct dialogue with some people on the other side of the conflict, especially in times of tension, unless this dialogue comes through us. 
No one else made any money from China. 
And in that case, sir, you're the alternative. 
The question is addressed to Governor Clinton for a two-minute response. 
Start with you, governor. 
We need to better recognize and correct system errors that reflect institutional prejudices in criminal justice. 
If you create Noriega, using the taxpayer's money, put yourself on the plate and say it was a mistake. 
And this position is that the United States has a treaty - a treaty with the Organization of American States as a whole - that prohibits us from intervening in the internal affairs of any other State and also prohibits them. 
Well, when it comes to ridicule, George, you win a gold medal. 
Have you not put in place such a test glove here that opponents could easily suspect that as President, you would never use force to protect American interests? 
He talks about where I grew up, about my neighbors in Scranton and Claymont, and he talks about -- he talks about the people who built this country. 
Governor Romney said it had to be done in a bipartite manner. 
And I repeat: I am for women's rights. 
My passion is to succeed in an employment program and increase income through an investment incentive program to increase jobs in the private sector, to waste less public money and invest more, to control health care costs and provide affordable health care to all Americans, and to ensure that we have the best trained workforce in the world. 
Senator Obama, who has never travelled south of our border, is therefore opposed to Colombia's Free Trade Agreement. 
So walk with me to my neighborhood, go back to my old quarter of Claymont, an old steel town or go up to Scranton with me. 
You all have a certain knowledge of defence and the armed forces. 
And look at Ukraine. 
And, no, I support full disclosure. 
Mr. KERRY: I'll tell you exactly how I can do it: by restoring what President Bush abducted, which is called the salary as you leave. 
What are you ready to do to reassure the American people that the next president will be the legitimate winner of this election? 
You should expect this from both of us. 
After winning the coin's whip, Mr. Anderson will answer Carol Loomis' first question. 
What's worse? 
What are you gonna cut? 
And that's really what this campaign is going to be. 
What I said was that we should put an end to this war responsibly. 
And when we look weak, our opponents are much more willing to test us. 
You don't want to politicize drugs, but it's already politicized Medicare, getting out and frightening older people and other vulnerable groups, veterans and people who get Pell Grants and things like that. 
But thank God we have always had enough people who have been willing in every generation to repel the fear of a broken heart and to become deeply involved in the formation of a more perfect union. 
Our new plan is to have 1 million more jobs in the city centres, but that's not all. 
We must therefore make decisions based on uncertainty, which means a strong army. 
I wanted to turn this country into a programme of opportunities for all, of responsibilities for all and of an American community where everyone has a role to play. 
CMCain: I saved taxpayers $6.8 billion by fighting against a negotiated contract between Boeing and DOD that was completely wrong. 
I think there is optimism in the earth and patriotism, and I think we are once again able to take into account the words of Thomas Paine, who said, "We have in our power to start the world again." 
I think it's time to get rid of CAP money. 
And before you solve it, you have to say the name. 
I have a better plan to be able to fight the war against terrorism by strengthening our army, strengthening our intelligence, pursuing funding with more authority, doing what we need to do to rebuild alliances, addressing the Muslim world, which the President almost did not do, and starting to isolate radical Islamic Muslims, not making them isolate the United States of America. 
In the case of Vice-President Quayle, with whom we begin, I assume you will tell us what role you played in the first term and what you would like to do in a second term. 
That the local entity, the city, declare this particular area, on the basis of the norms of the percentage of people on well-being, unemployment, etc., in this area. 
That's their response to this kind of action. 
We need to care. 
People can look, you're right. 
They did. 
Let me ask them to follow. 
If you purify the pond, the water lilies die. 
Do you think that our political institutions function as they should when half of our citizens vote literally? 
I support the choice of school. 
You shared a video of a man singing white power to millions of your supporters. 
We continue to increase labour and equipment. 
He was Secretary of Defence and then had significant experience in the private sector. 
How does it avoid conflict? 
He can buy a cheaper insurance than Mom and Pop's store around the corner. 
I could do it very quickly.I'm very underexploited. 
When it fills up with snow, they can't do it. 
It's not a political thing, it's a math thing. 
You went out and tried to cut $20 billion in Medicare. 
But you're talking about judgment. 
I think we need to stay that way and continue to build our capacity to deal with any potential threat. 
And I'm glad to tell you that we did. 
All good Republicans. 
We do not need a constitutional amendment for the children to pray, and what I did is that the Department of Justice and the Department of Education publish for the first time a set of guidelines that we have given to all schools in America, saying that children cannot be involved in religious defense when they were praying, when they were doing everything they could under the Constitution, just because they were in a public school, and I think anyone who has experienced this will tell you that our administration has done more than any other year to clarify freedom of religion in public places, including in public schools. 
But no president of the United States, in my opinion, should report in advance to a potential enemy, what his decision might be or what option he might exercise. 
Number five, small business champion. 
We have long-term challenges in this economy. 
One last point I would like to raise. 
And I know once again that you have opposed the decision he has made to try to cut off the funding of the troops, and I respect you for that. 
President Ford, would you like to answer? 
I promise you that if an attack arrives in the homeland, it will come as our security services have said, it will come from Al Qaeda planning in the hills of Afghanistan and Pakistan. 
Mr President, I will follow up, but we have a series of questions about Iraq, and I will therefore turn to the next question. 
They're the people... and by the way... 
That would therefore be priority number one. 
But I believe that America is the largest country in human history because we have maintained freedom and increased prosperity by relentlessly pushing the barriers of knowledge, the barriers of the present, always moving towards the future. 
I'm fighting for the middle class. 
And then what happened was that we started to talk about the use of the defence law, to make sure we went looking for everything that is necessary to protect people. 
We will move forward with Stealth and D-5 and advanced cruise missile and good conventional forces. 
And the Russians must understand that. 
Let me tell you something, Bob. 
Now, if you uh - taking the middle-income or middle-income taxpayer - that's about $14 thousand per person - Governor Carter publicly indicated in an interview that he would increase taxes on about 50 percent of the workers in this country. 
The crisis of S &amp; L was over, they start selling assets, all that money had just arrived. 
I don't think he'd listen much to you and draw the line in the sand. 
They have 180 million plans, 180 million people, families under what they want to do, which will be essentially socialized medicine. 
And Hillary has the same feeling. 
We expanded Bill Brady to cover the people who beat their spouses and children. 
He'll put jobs first and we'll take care of our environment and follow science. 
The plans are all over Washington. 
He'll be against it very soon because his party is totally against it. 
Mr. President, twice you've been the victim of potential murderers using handguns. 
Secondly, what will he do to ensure fair employment? 
How can you talk about family values, Dan, and twice veto the Family Medical Leave Act? 
We have a plan to do it. 
What will you say during your inaugural speech to the Americans who did not vote for you? 
I have a case file for the appointment of judges in the state of Texas. 
If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. 
And I'll do it. 
We talked about the economy, it's more important. 
BIDEN: Five States have had ballot papers by mail over the past decade or more. 
That's why on the first day, I'm going to call them a currency manipulator, which allows us to apply tariffs where they take jobs. 
And I recommend a freeze on expenses that -- with the exception of defence, Veterans Affairs, and other vital programs, we'll just have to have a global freeze. 
Everybody -- 
CLINTON: I think Mr. Perot has faced this deficit problem, but I think it is important to point out that we really have 2 deficits in America, not one. 
Is it not possible for young families, first-time buyers, to own their own house one day something that is part of the American dream? 
And the amendment on equal rights only says that equality of rights should not be shortened for the federal government or by state governments. 
We've had the worst economy in a century. 
We will focus on - and Hillary Clinton has put in place a truly comprehensive mental health reform package on which she has worked with law enforcement professionals, and we will also fight the scourge of armed violence in the United States. 
Lehrer: Do you agree that there is a lot to be done in a new administration to restore... (CROSSTALK) MCCAIN: But in the case of missile defence, Senator Obama said that he should be, quote, "proven." 
Now, as far as his numbers are concerned here tonight, he's engaged again in this, what I'd call, mirror game of "here-is-is-is-not." 
He stayed with E.D. I worked and admire President Obama. 
He did not see this light in the first three years as a member of the United States Senate, $932 million in demand. 
You have two minutes to answer, and Ann's gonna ask. 
I think that if the President is responsible, if he consults the persons concerned, if he makes it clear that the Supreme Court's decision will be enforced in a way that the Supreme Court has planned - with deliberate speed - then in my judgment, provided it is behind the action, I think we can make progress. 
He'd rather spend the $1,800 from the family and I'd rather the Strunks spend their own money. 
(Laughter) DUKAKIS: But I hope you don't take my five seconds off. 
If you want... 
The position of the candidates -- that is, who answers the questions first and who gives the last statement -- was determined by a coin between the two candidates. 
Is it therefore right, Mr Vice-President, to conclude that you consider that there has been insufficient economic growth over the last eight years; and if so, what would you do beyond the current administration's policy to speed it up? 
We're not doing this in my administration. 
In the last two years alone, we have a total deficit of $120 billion under President Ford and, at the same time, we have had, over the last eight years, a doubling of the number of bankruptcies for small businesses: we have had a negative growth of our - in our national economy measured in real dollars. 
It's a red line for us, because not only is Israel's security at stake, but our security is at stake if it turns out. 
You know, my grandmother -- some of you know that -- helped raise me. 
That qualifies you to be President of the United States. 
I'll add a few minutes here to give you a chance to answer. 
The great threat to our country is that these haters will eventually have weapons of mass destruction. 
RADDATZ: Thank you, Secretary n. r. Trump, in December, you said so. 
But we will defend the citizens of this y.d. Russians must understand that. 
QUIJANO: Governor, with all due respect, the question was whether it seems fair to you that Mr.Trump brilliantly used the laws to pay as little tax as possible legally. 
You chose not to do so because you feared the appointment of "conservative judges". 
What I believe is that we can find common ground on the issues of parental consent or parental notification. 
First of all, I think Mary Fisher was a great choice. 
Boy, oh boy. 
Now someone says you should restore prayer in schools. 
Many people are busy and it is difficult for them to go and vote. 
And give it to the president, and if Congress isn't big enough to do it, let the president have a chance of this excessive spending. 
We will do so with a more aggressive trade policy. 
It took three and a half years. 
And even today, he thinks we're in control. 
And your plan is to take their tax rate from 35 percent to 40 percent. 
It's a non-partisan commission. 
It was a bad decision for America and would have been bad for our future if I hadn't stopped it. 
And more recently, he's talking about reducing the defence budget from five to seven billion dollars. 
First of all, I believe that character is part of the Presidency. 
So, she made it possible to do that, but I'm not allowed to answer? 
It's a time when Bin Laden was still out, and now they're back together. 
Described as part of your plan, Governor Bush, said that it would be necessary to pay student vouchers to match the vouchers in order for the federal government to put them in place. 
I think that would make the government closer to the people, the way Ross Perot talks. 
And that calls into question the entire policy of the President in the Middle East. 
That if you were born in this country to be a mezzo-soprano or a master carpenter or school teacher, like my daughter, or a professional football quarterback, nothing should bother you. 
These people are hurting in the city centres. 
That's why you have elections. 
And I could add, this so-called -- I know we don't want to use the word "receiver," this automatic cut-off -- which was part of a debt contract they asked for. 
The first thing you did when you came into office was put in place the stimulus package, says we have a bit of pork that we want to scatter around America, $16 billion. 
Each candidate has up to two minutes to answer a common question, and there will be a two-minute follow-up. 
Of course, as Secretary of State, I had some of the most important secrets we have, such as the pursuit of Bin Laden. 
I have never, since that time of my first year, questioned the motive of another member of Congress or of the Senate with whom I disagree. 
Expenditure increased by only 4%. 
The individual who wants to start a business or develop his business as a black businessman is able to borrow, either directly or with guaranteed loans. 
VANOCUR: Madam Member, the one who takes it has to give it back. 
NIXON: Mr.Smith, Senator Kennedy. 
Some sophisticians think it might be a little weird. 
And the reason they blame Russia because they think they're trying to tarnish me with Russia. 
I think it's okay. 
A small child before the age of 18 months learns to think well of himself or evil. 
The Obama administration has failed to implement immigration reform, which was a key promise during the administration. 
I believe that since I was in power, there have been six or eight combat zones in other parts of the world. 
We have 180 million people there who have great private health care, much more than we talk about it with Obamacare. 
I, too, want to avoid personal attacks. 
I'd find terrorists where they are, I'd arrest them and kill them before they hurt us. 
And the whole controversy over land-based missiles has arisen because we thought that strategic nuclear weapons, the most destabilizing, are land-based weapons. 
We have to pay him back. 
That's why I put in place a five-point plan that gets America 12 million new jobs in four years and increases home salaries. 
This is a legitimate concern, it is a very important area. 
REAGAN: I believe that the only unpopular measures, in fact, that could be or would be implemented, would be unpopular for the government, and for them. 
What is your agenda for America for the next decade, with some specificity? 
Mr. Nixon says we are the strongest country in the world. 
But what I said, too, is that we cannot only produce a traditional energy source. 
We have done an incredible job in environmental terms. 
We use all the goods at our disposal to get Osama bin Laden. 
Wait a second, you made a statement. 
8%. 
You didn't hear any of the President's plans, because he doesn't have a plan to reduce the cost of health care. 
I don't know -- from 4 years old. 
Let me say that. 
I have met Mr Andropov and Mr Cherenko, and we are talking and trying to do something about human rights. 
It's in my health care proposal. 
With regard to the issue of disarmament, in particular nuclear disarmament, I must say that I believe that another effort should be made by a new administration in January 1961, to renew negotiations with the Soviet Union and to see if it is possible to reach a conclusion that will reduce the chances of contamination of the atmosphere and also reduce the chances that other Powers will begin to possess nuclear capacity. 
Look, there are 30 nations involved in Iraq, about 40 nations involved in Afghanistan. 
What was his answer? 
No encouragement, no boos, or other interruptions so that we, and especially you, can focus on what the candidates have to say. 
First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. 
Governor Carter. 
It's hard to have a word with that clown. 
When - when we see the kind of equivocation that took place because this administration wanted a prior policy, then when the green revolution started, they were silent for nine days. 
They are now engaged in a debate on whether war is the way to communicate the world or whether they should use subversion, infiltration, economic struggles and everything else. 
It's called prepayment of your taxes. 
I am also opposed to a plan that diverts 1 of the $6 dollars from the Social Security Trust Fund. 
Mr. Kemp accused you of demagogy. 
We expect standards to be respected and we expect action to be taken. 
Alan Greenspan is respected. 
Thank you both very much. 
Number one, I want to create jobs again in the manufacturing sector in this country. 
You just said that you talked to your accountant about the potential release of your taxes. 
In the aftermath of the cold war, the definition of a strong national defence clearly changed somewhat. 
We also provided a $4 billion community trust fund in our program, and we told you where the money comes from. 
HOWE: And good evening, Senator Kennedy. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I think we have to go to work on the third-world debt problem and we have to help those third-world countries cope with the massive debt they have now contracted and which weighs them and which, if we do nothing and do not help them with other nations of the world, we will destroy their economies, destroy their future. 
And I was able to do it with a lot of democratic votes, almost 50% of Hispanic votes, about 27% of African-American votes, because people know that I am a conservative and compassionate person. 
Mondale referred to an earlier debate between George Bush and Geraldine Ferrro, the candidates for vice-chairmanship. 
GORE: I think that's a fundamental difference. 
If you were to be called upon to assume the presidency, would you follow Mr. 
Things are really bad. 
This is a global problem, but I was congratulated by the leaders of many countries for what we were able to do with the — if you look at what we've done in terms of glasses, masks and dresses and everything else, and in particular the fans. 
Give them a training job in the private sector." 
I led the working group when I was a member of Congress in the late 1960s on this kind of thing, on the Republican side. 
Mr. Corddry? 
I think the government contracting company can help. 
Our soldiers did everything they were asked to do. 
The president -- 95 percent of the containers entering the ports, right here in Florida, are not inspected. 
It has been a privilege to be your Vice-President for the past four years and to work alongside President Bush to put our economy on a bottom-up path. 
It's important that we do this. 
TRUMP: Well, I'm really asking for important jobs, because the rich are going to create huge jobs. 
No one who looked at her is serious, actually, he thinks it adds up. 
But we used this as a model, the way he took the understandable pride of his legacy, what his family means to him. 
But I don't think this is an example of a conflict where we should have put our troops in place to try to separate the parties for that reason, Jim. 
But what does he offer? 
He says he's for voluntary testing. 
I am pleased that we are putting an end to private prisons in the federal system; I want them to end in the state system. 
And this has considerably weakened our relations with Israel and clouded our people's total commitment to the Israelis. 
One African American out of 500. 
What do you think? 
Twenty-three million Americans are still struggling to find a good job. 
For example, for people who want to go to a two-year community college, it will be free of charge. 
The first question is put to you, Mr. President Bush, and Susan is going to ask it. 
I'm here to enforce them, which means moving from one subject to another, giving the two of you about the same time, which I'm trying to do very hard. 
So my question to you -- we're going to talk about you in a minute -- (Laughter) -- my question to you -- PEROT: I thought you forgot that I was here. 
I don't agree. 
I see the Middle East with a wave of violence, chaos, tumult. 
I propose more than twice as much because I think it is necessary. 
They didn't say what's going to happen, if they're going to have it declared addictive. 
And I think we have a lot to gain. 
Everybody's leaving New York. 
In 1935, when the Social Security Act was drafted, ninety-four Republicans out of ninety-five voted against it. 
We will strengthen immigration and customs enforcement with more resources and more staff to be able to do so. 
You have been criticized for, in giving and taking, to respond late to the aggressive Soviet impulses, for insufficient accumulation of our armed forces, and for paralysis in the treatment of Afghanistan and Iran. 
If Judge Amy Coney Barrett is confirmed in the U.S. Supreme Court, are you and Joe Biden, if in any way you win this election, are you going to pack up the Supreme Court to get your way? 
I've done a lot for the president. 
I just want to tell him, look, take a look at what the President has proposed in the area of recycling. 
It is therefore the President's obligation to do so, and I intend to do so. 
Because in that time we were able to reinvent the tests. 
You were quoted as saying that you believe, basically, that we are heading towards some kind of Bible Armageddon. 
In conclusion, I have begun to say that for eight years I have been a member of the National Security Council. 
I think we need to get together and work to change it. 
And finally, we found a great general and a successful strategy. 
John Kerry will never give control over the security of the United States of America to any other country. 
But if everyone here in this audience had died in the middle of the middle class, then the tax reductions for each of you all added up would be less than the tax reduction his plan would give only one member of that richest 1%. 
I said at the time that we had to keep the lid on a federal expenditure, that for every dollar of a tax reduction, we had to have an equal reduction in federal spending - an individual proposal. 
A famous member of your commission, Magic Johnson, stopped saying there was too much inaction. 
Middle-class Americans work harder for less money than they did ten years ago and pay higher taxes. 
I had the same position on abortion in favour of women's right to choose. 
What Dan Quayle, George Bush, Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson think is the right decision in a given set of circumstances is their privilege. 
But it's the Senate inside baseball. 
I just want to say one thing, though. 
You asked the question about how we deal with a North Korea. 
First, we need to increase domestic production and that means, for example, telling the oil companies that they have rented 68 million acres that they do not drill, use or lose them. 
Now, this economic package, Tim, I'm glad you asked, because you look like the type that might be able to benefit from an overall tax reduction of 15 percent and a $500 per child tax credit, or -- you know, estate tax relief that you're not interested in right now, but a reduction in the capital gains rate. 
That's the difference. 
And I'm asking for your support for four years to finish this job. 
Let's see if we can do the same tonight, or get close. 
I want to give you — Mr Trump, I want to give you the opportunity to respond. 
Where every eight years can read. 
It'll be the end. 
We've had 12 years of savings. 
Now Governor Reagan is on a platform calling for a constitutional amendment banning abortion. 
The corporate tax rate in Canada is now 15 per cent. 
I will not raise taxes on the middle class to pay for these programs. 
MCCAIN: First of all, as I say, I don't think -- we're not going to have another cold war with Russia. 
And part of that brings a Canadian oil pipeline, taking advantage of the oil and coal we have here, drilling off Alaska, drilling off Virginia where people want it. 
My opponent at one point said, "Well, get me elected, I'll get them out of there in six months." 
He started talking about my driver, and you know, I'm driven to work by the secret services - just like Mrs Ferraro - just like Mr. 
I believe that foreign aid should be used to encourage markets and reforms. 
We inherited the worst recession, unless there was a depression in American history. 
It is a risky tax system of $550 billion that increases taxes on 9 million of the hardest-working families. 
And I... LEHRER: As a senator from the United States... MCCain: Of course. 
Yes, we did. 
If we're hit by terrorists, we're going to call it what it is, a terrorist attack. 
And we can do this in an environmentally friendly way. 
And we know that if we drill off the coast and exploit many of these reserves, it will help us, on a temporary basis, to alleviate our energy needs. 
Dealing exactly with the kind of energy price increases and decreases. 
And what it does, and I'd like to do, I'd like to help them. 
We wish you a lot of luck. 
I think we should do it by everyone doing what he can out of conscience. 
And it's not that he wants it, his vice-president — I mean, she's more liberal than Bernie Sanders and wants even more. 
Either it is for the Speaker and it is against the position that those who opposed the Speaker in fifty-five and fifty-nine - and the senator's position itself, said the other day in our debate - either it is for the Speaker and against that position or we simply have a disagreement here that must continue to be debated. 
I think we can do better. 
The important point here is, however, that the American people have become so cynical about our policy, because all they see is a title-for-state and back-and-forth. 
I talked to a lot of troops. 
I'm not sure what kind of vision he's describing to me. 
You will find that some of the worst school systems in America get the most money per student. 
But when it was time to make sure that Gaddafi had not remained in power, that he had been captured, Governor, your suggestion was that it was not a mission, that it was a sloppy mission. 
But it is important that we recognize that we cannot get away from Pakistan. 
And I'm trying to do a lot of things that could be useful to people. 
It's for Governor Romney. 
There's a feeling of American occupation. 
They built a family and — and a good name and a business. 
And I am convinced that Al Gore and I will continue to do so. 
We don't want to be the lowest on the bottom. 
This is explicitly prohibited by law. 
I want to open the schools. 
You said yourself, Mr Vice-President, a month ago that if we had provided the kind of economic aid five years ago, we might never have had Castro. 
It's going to President Clinton and it's coming from this section. 
Some of the restrictions that have been imposed by Congress over the past two years. I think -- in recent years, I think I've been unhappy. 
Mr. THOMAS: Mr. Speaker, why did you fall so strongly in the leadership polls from the 1980s to the 1940s? 
We took the Serbs, the Croats and the Bosnians, being said by everyone, I was told by everyone that it would mean that they had been fighting and killing for a thousand years, it would never be a relatively stable government there as there are in Kosovo. 
Thank you, sir. 
Because I want to give parents new choices. 
Its influence is growing - mainly because this administration has ignored Latin America. 
This is a very proud moment for me. 
There will be a big difference there, and we will also win in Afghanistan. 
Number one, we need to make sure we have oversight over this whole process; $700 billion, potentially, is a lot of money. 
I'm sure they weren't paying for corn flakes. 
But there are other things we can do with inner cities, and I believed. 
Tonight's format is going to be a little different. 
But not until they give us the full accounting of our MIAs. 
TRUMP: The world — let me tell you. 
And we're working with these other countries. 
Now he's just been found unconstitutional. 
Haven't they been penalized enough? Many of them have been here for years? 
- No, not at all. 
And in terms of peace, we are on the right track. 
What will happen and what has been proven is when you make these small businesses see a lot of their employees. 
He did. 
We had a 20th century mindset that basically said, "Well, you know, he may be a dictator, but he's our dictator. » 
They give you a good press, they give me a bad press because it's like that, unfortunately. 
In the nature of a campaign, it seems that some campaigns are aimed at attacking someone rather than prescribing their own future and what they would like to do. 
Would it never support it if the violation of human rights was so great and so calmly necessary for freedom fighters? 
And we have a vacancy. 
I could go on, but we started the process. 
Strong families need a strong economy. 
Please, very quickly. 
Masks make a big difference. 
He won't tell you because he can't. 
BUSH: Obviously, it has a lot to do with interest rates -- SIMPSON: She says, "you personally" HEARING_QUESTION: You, on a personal basis -- how did it affect you? 
HARRIS: – and recognizes the beauty in our diversity and the fact that we all have much more in common than what separates us. 
(Applause) LEHRER: Anne Groer, a question for the Governor. 
No global plan. 
President Carter was on it. 
And we were with the men and women of law enforcement every day, and I think I think the American movement has only grown stronger in the last four years. 
I want this nation to protect its air, waters, lands and public health. 
So in principle, I'm going to take your point of view and think we should discuss child care or anything else. 
One party is ready to participate in these programmes. 
To each of you, in turn, I'd like you to take a minute, and answer Brecklynn. 
GORE: Well, I've been a little hard on this issue for over eight years. 
I didn't support the war in Iraq. 
School choice - public, private or religious. 
I ask everyone to look at my economic ideas and 9 Nobel Prizes and over 500 economists and hundreds of business people, including many Republicans said, that's the way you need to go. 
Now, the vice president will probably tell you that he's going to take an army of IRS collectors again. 
We want to give more responsibility to lawyers to require, before a case, professional misconduct, which the Vice-President has just spoken of, that the case be reviewed by independent experts to determine whether the case is serious and meritorious before it can be filed; to hold lawyers responsible for it, to certify that and to hold the lawyer financially responsible if they do not; to have a three-strike rule-and-you-out so that a lawyer who files three of these cases without satisfying this requirement loses their right to file these cases. 
But I'm not going to pick one and, in advance, say hypothetically, "Oh, yes, we'll send troops there." 
I had the opportunity to work with him and Alan Greenspan and others on the crisis after the Mexican peso collapsed. 
The whole problem arose in 1984. 
IFILL: Governor and senator, I want you both to answer that. 
RADDATZ: There is intense interest in this band. 
If our leaders can't get along, how are citizens supposed to get along? - And then she added, -- Your examples could make all the difference to get us together - end quote. 
And I want to talk to a first voter, Jeremy Epstein, who has a question for you. 
It was a tribute after President Carter's election to the National Education Association that sent many delegates to the democratic convention, which gave 99.5 percent of their money, the Democrats, and the president, and many teachers sent their children to private schools or better public schools. 
If you were president... [laughs]... what would you do with Syria and the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo? 
Mr President, that is the last question. 
And I won. 
I just got approval today, as you know, from the Fraternal Police Order, we just entered. 
We believe -- Barack Obama believes that by investing in clean coal and safe nuclear power, we can't just create jobs in wind and solar energy here in the United States, we can export it. 
KERRY: I want you to notice how the president changed jobs and started talking mainly about education. 
They made a breakthrough in missiles, and by nineteen sixty-one, two and three, they will be more numerous than we are in missiles. 
You need to look at our files. 
They didn't cuddle. 
My objection here is not the cost in dollars. 
BIDEN: This is an important statement because I would stop — 
We have seen a significant increase in education spending at the national level, but this has produced virtually no positive results. 
The purpose of all this is, it is a struggle in which we are engaged. 
Some economists caution against curbing companies that fuel growth and create jobs. 
This guy's gonna close the whole country and destroy our country. 
And Senator Bob Dole is so qualified: sixteen years in the House of Representatives and in the Senate, uh... very high responsibilities on important committees. 
It also means 401k. 
Because even though we have maintained, as I pointed out in our first debate, the absolute gap over the Soviet Union, even though the growth of this administration has been twice as large as that of the Truman administration; that is not enough. 
The role of government: Look behind us. 
You know that there is no more important question than the final question we are going to discuss tonight, and that is the question of the election itself. 
They even - we learned two weeks ago - took our taxes and subsidized the move of American factories to foreign countries. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, if you are re-elected, what do we expect from a downtown policy based on a second Clinton/Gore term? 
Mr. Reagan? 
During this campaign, we saw a lot of television shows, a lot of bumper stickers, and a lot of slogans of one kind or another. 
Let me tell you why. 
With our modern technology, yes, we can burn our coal within the limits of the Air Quality Act. 
But the regulations, you're going to regulate these businesses out of existence. 
PALIN: I oppose this principle of redistribution of wealth that you seem to accept. 
And if we do that, if we do what I intend to do, which gives us the energy independence, the energy independence of North America within eight years, you will see manufacturing jobs coming back. 
People are pouring into our country, and they come from the Middle East and others are going to make America safe again. 
When it comes to how the virus has been treated so far, you two have adopted very different approaches, and this will affect the way the virus is treated going forward by one of you eventually becoming the next president. 
CLINTON: First of all, I take full responsibility for what happened in Somalia, but the American people must remember that these soldiers were under an American commander when that happened. 
I am therefore in favour of closing the loophole in the issue of weapons. 
And that's what an intelligence surge means. 
I know him very well. 
And now a final statement by Mr. Perot. 
I think they're too taxed. 
That's the election. 
His main strategy during the Republican primary was to say, "We will encourage self-deportation." 
How is our credibility with the GCC countries on the western side of the Gulf? 
That's right. 
That's terrible. 
We have repaid $5.7 billion in tax refunds, credits and reductions to our people. 
They say they were acting in self-defence. 
Very interesting why she leaves transported t. t. I'll tell you that, number one, I pay a huge number of taxes. 
I think the only people who are going to come in to register or get a license -- I guess a driver's license for a weapon, the only people who are going to show up are law-abiding citizens. 
NIXON: Well, Mr Drummond, first of all, referring to the press conference of Secretary Dulles, I think that if you read all this - and I know you did - you will find that Secretary Dulles also indicated at this press conference that when the troops were withdrawn from Quemoy, the involvement was certainly of everything he said, that Quemoy could better be defended. 
I remember when the stories came up on the stops in New Jersey by the highway patrol over there. 
And I intend to do it. 
I think a lot of things they've done are bad in any concept of morality we have. 
- He's gonna put America first. 
No matter how much you handle it, it's no use. 
The Honourable DEGENHART: Senator Kerry, suppose you were talking to an elector who believed that abortion was murder and the elector asked for assurances that his taxes were not going to abortion, what would you say to that person? 
DOLE: In the end, we have to stop exporting jobs here. 
Mr. President, everyone seems to be running against Washington this year. 
Thus, in seven years, we see that we have been firm in our diplomacy; we have never made concessions without obtaining concessions in return. 
And there are explorations and things that we can consider in this area. 
What about that? 
Today's United States, according to Prime Minister Rabin of Israel, is at the top of their influence and power in the Middle East. 
And I think that the fundamentals of the economy must be measured by the question of whether or not the middle class is shaking up fairly. 
CLINTON: But in — oh, but I do. 
I don't know how you're going to go to urban America and say, well, the best thing we can offer is just to raise taxes again. 
I'm trying to decipher this. 
I believe that the ideal world is one in which every child is protected by the law and welcomed to life. 
They see their bounties, their co-payers go up. 
But finally, we have to pay for the basic investments that make this economy strong and someone has to do it. 
And Perot's voters looking for a house should take a look at the Republican file. 
I want to take $716 billion that you cut and handed it over to medicare. 
But I'll tell you, she's all talking. 
And I challenge you tonight to deny that the Administration has sent at least several missions to persuade Chiang Kai-shek to withdraw from these islands. 
Keep America at work. 
Jerry Falwell says it means we have two or three judges. 
At the same time, regulation can become excessive. 
I supported this policy. 
That's the whole problem. 
And then we noticed that there were more than one with the same serial number. 
And that fact is simply not fair. 
I started following the news when I was very young. 
Don't talk about growth, because even if we need growth, it doesn't help. 
I mean, it's the Persian Gulf war -- the most important event in his political life and here's what Bill Clinton says. If it was a tight vote, I would vote with the majority. 
What happened was one of the Turks, one of the Kurdish leaders invited him to go north, but we felt that since the whole world community told him not to do it, once he had done it, we had to do something. 
These are foreign policy initiatives that are of the highest moral quality and attest to that country's foreign policy. 
The senator mentioned the lawyers at the trial. 
PENCE: – The American people, I repeat, may be proud of what we have done – 
I'll ask a question at the beginning of each segment. 
And he makes it a very effective job, in his own way. 
I have a plan to get America back to work. 
I will also greatly develop trade in Latin America. 
It's a distinction without difference. 
It's not smart. 
And if Americans were taken hostage and you became president, how long would you go to save them? 
The crew is grateful. 
I support what we do. 
But I think that a balanced approach, with everyone being part of it and an effort to unselfishness, could help as in 1973 to let people sacrifice for their own country. 
How do you personally avoid being unduly influenced by people who give you money or give you services in your campaigns? 
However, you co-sponsored a bill that said yes to drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Sanctuary. 
I can't wait to see that happen. 
BUSH: It's supposed to be the year of women in the Senate. 
That's right. 
Mr. O'BRIEN: Mr. President. 
So let's stay on the issue, and I made a specific proposal for what I call a flexible freeze. 
That's what this is about. 
North Korea has quadrupled its nuclear capability. 
Everything that should have increased collapsed. 
- It's okay. 
I think it's not that hard e. y. and I have a plan that's on the table that's a plan to get you engaged. 
So it seems to me that we should take this money that we can save from the Ministry of Education, put it in opportunity scholarships and tell little Landale Shakespeare out in Cleveland, Ohio, and tell your mother and father, you're going to go to school because we're going to match what the state is setting up, and you're going to go to school of your choice. 
And when that happens, the American people will stand tall, stand together, and we will have the kind of unity that has disappeared for too long. 
I gave great incentives for electric cars, but what they did in California is just crazy. 
We must be smarter about now that we are waging a war against terror. 
But if I hear you both correctly, neither of you suggest any significant changes in what you want to do as President following the financial bailout? 
But let me say it, because he spent millions and millions of dollars advertising on the Boston Harbor issue. 
Yes, sir, right there. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr.Governor, respond quickly about trade and I want to move on. 
CLINTON: First of all, in February, Senator Dole acknowledged that the U.S. economy had been in the best condition in 30 years. 
There is no inconsistency. 
But we do not want further tax cuts for multi-millionaires. 
And I can tell you that the government has no business in the decisions women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. 
And the kind of budget proposals you have put forward, when we do not ask you or me to pay a cent more in terms of deficit reduction, but instead, we reduce our support for education, which undermines our long-term competitiveness. 
I think you should live your moral values. 
Yes, I would. 
Not just at the top. 
And that means more than we did. 
This seems to be a trend. 
One thing I would like to say is that I agree with what Senator Dole said. 
And so, when they have to try to buy drugs, they do it alone, there is no kind of collective bargaining, no purchasing power among seniors. 
PENCE: I'll be — I'll be very respectful. 
This - talking about more people at work - is distorted because with a 14 percent increase in the cost of living over the last two years - it means that - women and young people had to go to work when they didn't want to because their fathers didn't do enough to pay the increase in the cost of food and housing and clothing. 
Finally, for the Vice-President, and I hope neither of you will interrupt the other. 
So there can be no concessions under any circumstances, because if we do, it is an open invitation to others to do the same. 
That's why I want a tax cut for the education and education of children, but it has to be paid. 
We have to make sure they're educated. 
The three books are, one, Richard Nixon's Victory in 1999, Richard Lugar's - Senator Richard Lugar's - Letters to the next president, Bob Massey's Nicholas and Alexandra, which deals with the fall of the Russian empire and the coming of Leninism in 1917. 
I was going to ask -- I thought you wanted to answer what we're talking about. 
MITCHELL: And some national programs too. 
We also thought it was wrong to have a $20 billion fund, including $7. 
You don't interfere with the Taliban. 
That it was placed here to be found by a special type of people - people who have a special love for freedom and have the courage to uproot themselves and leave home and home, and who came to this, at first, was the least developed desert possible. 
Then his budget he spent with President Gingrich cut Medicare $270 billion, more than necessary to repair the Medicare trust fund. 
They did it with Jordan. 
They should go to rehabilitation, not prison. 
I've been working on it for a long time. 
He has always denied what is... TRUMP: Wrong. 
Senator Obama, you wanted to know one of the differences. 
PENCE: Stay on the path your party leads us on, we're going to be in one — in a chain of mountains of debts. 
But it's nothing more than meeting the President of the United States. 
During his debate with Senator Bradley, I thought he was the author of the EITC when he was not. 
You say you don't want to duplicate what happened in Iraq. 
We have now reduced imports of foreign oil by a third in the past year. 
If you don't hear anything else I'm telling you tonight, listen to this. 
They'll build. 
You know that several states let people vote for more than three weeks. 
(Applause) Hon.WOODRUFF: Senator Bentsen - I will interrupt at this stage and ask the audience once again to keep your answers as silent as possible. 
I've been an outdoor man and a sportsman my whole life. 
But we also have every right to expect the Russians to behave in a manner and in agreement with a country that respects international borders and the norms of international behaviour. 
We have a good relationship. 
How much longer can young employees expect to bear the ever-increasing burden of the social security system? 
They're falling back on water quality. 
PAGE: Senator Harris – 
And we are saddened by the loss of e.t. Hillary Clinton actually mentioned this moment as an example of implicit bias in the police, where — where she used — when asked in the debate a week ago whether there was implicit bias in law enforcement, her only answer was that there was implicit bias in everyone in the United States. 
I asked a question. 
It happened very quickly. 
What we're talking about... MCCAIN: Well, let me say that I would like to... SCHIEFFER: (inaudible) MCCAIN: I would like to say categorically that I am proud of the people who come to our gatherings. 
And it was one of the greatest declines in our history. 
Because everything he just said is absolutely wrong, but I'm not surprised. 
Put it on your website. 
Vice-President Cheney, there have been new developments in Iraq, particularly with regard to the management of the administration. 
We have had a higher tax burden from the Treasury for the farmer in recent years with the lowest farm income in many years. 
Bad cops are bad for good cops. 
What's on the moon of harvest? 
We now have a considerably expanded White House staff. 
Yet we do not seem to practice them in our government in any way. 
We must be able to sell abroad more than we consume abroad if we are to be able to meet our obligations. 
We have to tell them that we want to help them, not because we are just trying to save our own skins, not because we are just trying to fight against communism, but because we care about them, because we are defending freedom, because if there was no communism in the world, we would still fight poverty, misery, disease and tyranny. 
We would have had sanctions. 
I'm just saying that I think that's where the effort must be directed -- to make that determination. 
In terms of this on taxes expresses the greatest difference between us. 
He's for - he's against the MX missile, the midgetman, cutting two aircraft carriers. 
But with regard to these high interest rates too, at least give us the recognition that when you left the office, Mr. Mondale, they were 21\1/2\ -- the preferential rate. It is now 12\1/4\, and I expect it to come down a little faster. 
If you were to enter the presidency, what agenda would you pursue, yours or yours? 
They no longer need tax relief. 
Okay, we'll continue on the subject of leadership and the first question goes to Gov Clinton for a 2-minute answer. 
And it is interesting for me to see in Senator Quayle's curriculum vitae that he boasts that he was able to fight the acid rain law. 
This is the most radical change in 40 years. 
Governor Bush is the first. 
They haven't taken place before. 
Number three, the Vice-President, on 15 May after flight U-2, indicated that the flights were in progress, even though the Administration and the President had cancelled the flights on 12 May. 
And I bet you're going to hear some fear in that parent's voice, afraid of the few investments some of us have in the stock market. 
And you know this liberal accusation, that's what their party always hangs out when they're in a tight race. 
But I made him produce the birth certificate. 
You, the American people. 
And, by the way, if we had the status-of-forces agreement that the Vice-President said he would be bet on his vice-presidency in Iraq, we could probably have prevented it. 
And the last point I want to say is this: Mr Ford, Mr Kissinger continued with Richard Nixon's policies and failures. 
We've been talking about it to death for 20 years. 
My concern is that we are doing nothing to stop the arms race, and if I believe that if we continue to talk about military inferiority - what we do not have, we are at a level comparable to that of the Soviet Union; our joint chiefs of staff have said that they would never exchange our military power against their own. 
A little head straight about where taxes, year after year, have to come. 
I repeat: you cannot control the costs of health care simply by cutting off health insurance. 
That's not the position he's taking. 
We need e. t I want to do things that have not been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens who are so great, and for the Latinos, Hispanics, and I look forward to doing so. 
He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he preferred "people who are not captured." 
And I have no reason to believe that he'll never publish his tax returns, because there's something we're going to guess. 
He just says all these states -- he made it illegal for children to smoke. 
For example, in San Bernardino, many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the 2 people who killed and wounded a lot, a lot of people. 
We're better than that. 
We saw an 18 per cent increase in start-ups. 
There are differences... TRUMP: Secretary, is it President Obama's fault? 
You know, in Europe, they live in their forest towns. 
Mr. Smith, Mr. Nixon. 
And it becomes particularly threatening if terrorists get their hands on nuclear materials. 
We end up solving problems. 
But I lived the American dream. 
And therefore, the families of some of our young soldiers are on food stamps today. 
And then you wouldn't have had them. 
If you want someone who believes that we were better than eight years ago and that we should go back to the kind of policies we had at the time, focusing on tax cuts mainly for the rich, here's your man. 
It took the president two weeks to recognize that this was a terrorist attack. 
It does almost nothing, except continue to increase the tax cuts for the very rich. 
No preferences for unskilled people, no quotas, but don't give up making an extra effort until you're sure everyone has a chance to prove they're qualified. 
He said, we're going to look at the drilling at sea. 
I do not agree on the same direction he is making on how to achieve this. 
But the figures show that about 8 million more people are below the poverty line four years ago. 
My tax philosophy has been simple. 
He didn't cut drug costs for anyone. 
But I will certainly support the outcome of this election. 
Guess what, it would be a nuclear war, and it has a lot of nuclear capabilities. 
With what? 
You said there was no history of violence between Shiites and Sunnis. 
Apparently, what they did was that they were paying people to have people recorded, and apparently some of the people who were there didn't really record people, they just filled in a bunch of names. 
I would also ensure that their diplomats are treated as the pariahs they are all over the world. 
This is the same approach we are taking in all regulators. 
I served at the UN. 
And by the way, if we need it, we can get the Iraqis out of Iraq to train them. 
And we don't have to allow the partisanship that was really anchored in Washington, D.C., no matter who was in charge. 
There are fewer parents of school-age children as a percentage of the voting population and there are the largest generation of students of all time. 
And I have plans to reduce and eliminate unnecessary and unnecessary spending and if there is someone here who thinks there are no government agencies where spending can be reduced and their budgets reduced, they haven't spent much time in Washington. 
They hurt, and they're angry. 
CLINTON: First of all, I would like to say that I would be happy to have a commission on this, and I appreciate what Senator Dole did to the 1983 Social Security Commission. 
Your critics argue that in the 1960s, your public passion was not war in Vietnam or civil rights, but no auto insurance of fault. 
I'm gonna call that the economy tax. 
Mr. WELKER (spoke in French): I would like to ask Vice-President Biden a question. 
There's a family in the audience tonight, the McNeil family, who lives here in St. Petersburg. 
Governor, about gas prices? 
Why haven't you done this in the last 25 years? 
But let's take my life in perspective. 
President Trump — 
And we're facing -- this deficit could crush future generations. 
Some of them, I have a conflict of interest, if you know what I mean. 
Sean Hannity said very strongly to me and other people that he's ready to say it, but no one wants to call him. 
We don't know if it's going to work or not, but we're still giving the incentives. 
I think that would be a very serious mistake. 
My life has been devoted to equal opportunities and our democracy should provide for this, not equal reward. 
We need to talk about space. 
Reagan. 
And sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. 
And it wasn't easy. 
And he precipitated the war in Iraq without a plan to win peace. 
This must be in our country's strategic national interest. 
Now, that money must be -- they don't even pay interest on him. 
Governor Reagan. 
We must be very, very realistic in the nature of this direction, but we must move away and talk to find ways to reduce these differences, especially with regard to the arms race and other dangerous exercises of Soviet power. 
But there is no doubt that we must continue to strengthen our state of preparedness and military strength. 
Guess what happened? 
And governor, let's say -- before entering a... ROMNEY: I... I... CROWLEY: ...a vast array of who says -- what study says what, if it shouldn't add up. 
You don't know. 
You know, NATO as a military alliance has something called Article 5, and basically it says: An attack on an attack is an attack on everyone. 
TRUMP: It has already been established. 
I supported giving parents a V-chip on TV, so if they don't want their young children to watch things they shouldn't watch, they wouldn't have to. 
Mrs. Drew. 
I'm not going with you. They came here. 
National Institutes of Health. 
The way things are happening now, we only have time for two sets of questions, and by lot it will be Jim and Diane. 
Mr. Nelson to Governor Carter. 
We have a lot of countries paying a price for dealing with the United States of America now. 
One of the cornerstones of reform, and of good reform, is measurement. 
Not at all, Mr. Trewhitt, and I want you to know that neither will I make age a problem in this campaign. 
I have had extraordinary opportunities, thanks to these people returning home to Connecticut, as State Senator, Attorney General trying to enforce the law to protect them and the environment and consumers, and to plead on behalf of human rights. 
And I think Senator Gore is going first. 
I'm pretty calm. 
Now let's take a look and tell the Americans what we need to do for them in the future. 
"I believe that when we are able to come together and stop fighting with each other, we will get along much better. » 
That's what I learned in Vietnam. 
Oil production on public land is down 14 per cent. 
Many people deserve to be rewarded, Mr. President. 
This is something I understand and will certainly achieve. 
Although I'm not so sure I admire the record. 
But we also have to be smart, Jim. 
Number two, I'm going to take programs that are currently good programs, but I think could be run more effectively at the state level and send them to the state. 
In fact, during the current year, we are shipping Iran, or have contracted to ship to Iran, about seven and a half billion dollars in arms and also to Saudi Arabia, about seven and a half billion dollars in weapons. 
PENCE: – If Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are in the White House. 
But how are you going to bring these children together with their families? 
In 1864 – 
That's not the one you're talking about, though. 
Your home mortgage deduction, charity, children's tax credit, etc., can be used to fill this bucket, if you wish, with deductions. 
Nothing's going on. 
He's not a freak. 
Some in the Pentagon fear that too much priority has been given to new weapons programmes, not enough to the current programmes, and that the resulting shortage would represent nothing less than unilateral nuclear disarmament. 
With our five-year offshore lease plan, we have proposed more drilling land than has been available for drilling since this program began in 1954. 
People give their lives. 
- Yes. 
Because someone did not exactly meet our human rights standards, even if he was our ally, instead of patiently trying to persuade them to change their ways, we have, in a number of cases, helped a revolutionary reversal that leads to complete totalitarianism, rather, for these people. 
We have built more houses in the last seven years than in any administration and thirty percent more than in the previous administration. 
I don't think it's a smart strategy. 
They're overworked and my daughter will tell you, they're underpaid and we know that, they need to be empowered. 
You know, one of the challenges of the last decade is that we have experienced nation-building in places like Iraq and Afghanistan, and we have neglected, for example, to develop our own economy, our own energy sectors, our own education system. 
KAINE: Political contributions? 
Not only do they supply 75 percent of the world's opium, but the large parts of the country are under the control of the drug lords and warlords. 
We can enter a war by letting events escape, as they have done in the last three and a half years under the foreign policy of this Carter administration, until we are faced with a crisis every time. 
We still have some of this hatred inside us. 
All right, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. 
Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald, and that would be a huge gift. 
The girls go to school. 
I think it is very important that we have an administration where we have a president with strong leadership who has the kind of history of dealing honestly with people, keeping his word so friends and allies both respect us and our opponents fear us. 
And that's -- OBAMA: Here's what happened. 
Now it's compared to a much smaller country like East Timor, where they had more than 200 people on the ground. 
We need a new start. 
But there's a record, and that's what I hope people are watching. 
All right. 
Whenever a majority of the population supports a program, the House and the Senate respond. 
Mrs. Geyer, your question to Mr. Mondale. 
These are the types of priorities for national security and foreign policy that I want to pursue Mr Bush and I have major differences on these issues and I very much hope to be President and to pursue them. 
And in that regard, I would say once again that, although Senator Kennedy says we are in favour of the status quo, I think he would agree that I am just as sincere to believe that my proposals for federal assistance in education, my proposals for health care are just as sincere as his proposals. 
NATO, for example, has been maintaining peace for many years, and I want us to remain fully staffed within NATO so that we can continue to guarantee peace in Europe. 
What's he saying to Tony Blair? 
Mr. Trump, we're moving on to a hearing. 
Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes. 
Now, let's go to the closing statement. 
You have policy of stopping and losing, so people can't go out when they're supposed to do it. 
That's what this is about. 
It depends on what he says in the future in the campaign. 
We need to do a lot more. 
Tell Dana Crist, tell Van Woods, tell the men and women I met in South Central. 
The green New Deal is 100 trillion dollars. 
Now let's go to the first question. 
So I'm not going to start, and I'm not going to go to rights as a way to reduce that deficit when we spend billions on something like Star Wars, when we spend billions on other weapons systems that the Vice-President apparently wants to keep in his back pocket or somewhere, but, if we continue to spend billions on them, we will force ourselves to cut off social security, cut off health insurance, reduce those basic rights to people of very, very modest means. 
Gentlemen, thank you for joining us tonight. 
First, you have to have money to pay for these things. 
I asked and received the same presentation. 
And I have to defend the honor of my state. 
Half a million jobs in manufacturing have been lost over the past four years. 
Now Governor Romney has been a very successful investor. 
And one last point I want to make about Russia. 
While the vice-president and president are in office, another 4 million Americans have fallen into poverty. 
- No, it's not. 
But let's look where I think the real mistake was made. 
When you talk about accepting the election result, I have to tell you, senator, that your party has spent the last three and a half years trying to reverse the results of the last election. 
But I think we must also have a sense of mission in the world. 
Number one, we have an agreement where they notify us and we advise them of any military manoeuvre that must be undertaken. 
And I made good proposals. 
CLINTON: Before Senator Dole left the Senate, Mr.Gingrich also recommended that we adopt these tax reductions only to the extent that we could pay them. 
Secondly, the people who have lost their jobs are those who have been on the front lines. 
RADDATZ: No humanitarian aid? 
In fact, some of his greatest supporters are very liberal people of Notre-Dame and other places. 
I served under a number of presidents. 
(Laughs) BRUNO: I'm sorry, sir. 
In a recording clip. 
His family is already... 
That didn't look like the first two years we had a Democratic President and a Democratic Congress. 
Each segment will begin with a question to the two candidates who will each have two minutes to answer. 
In the end, we're going to have to make a few decisions. 
CMCain: So we're peacemakers and we're peacekeepers. 
My state of origin of Wyoming, we lost the best insurance insurer of the malpractice insurance in the state. 
This is essentially a problem of primary concern to the European Community. 
When we cut deficits and cut interest rates, and I know the president doesn't believe it, but that's how we cut those interest rates young people can buy houses, it's pro-family and it's gonna be a patriotic act. 
Okay, you're getting a lot out of here. 
Good evening. 
We have to stop sending $700 billion a year to countries that don't really want us -- like we do a lot. 
We have reduced our oil imports to the lowest level in two decades because we have developed oil and natural gas. 
So we have the Senate, we have a president... 
La question... 
All right, let's go back to my question. 
And here he says he's going to be a tax conservative, all of a sudden. 
Whether there were mistakes, or rather, we don't know what happened, you have to ask yourself why we didn't know five days later when the United Nations ambassador went to television to say that it was a demonstration. 
They're still number one today. 
I fully funded the land and water conservation program; in fact, I recommended and Congress approved a much larger land and water conservation program. 
At this time, you can actually take a deduction to move a factory abroad. 
I mean, we have seen over and over again and over the errors of judgment made by this administration. 
Mr. TREWHITT: Mr. Speaker, my question is really on the other side of Mr. Frankel's medal. 
Let me ask you, sir, why can't the farmer operate like the businessman who runs a factory? 
Their own administrative actuary came to Congress and said that one in six hospitals and nursing homes will fail as a result. 
But there are other people there. 
In the -- in the last women lost 580,000 jobs. This is the net of what has happened in the last four years. 
We're hunting after Osama bin Laden. 
GORE: Well, I think we need strict enforcement of civil rights laws. 
But before the end of the year, when Joe Biden was vice-president of the United States, not seven and a half million people contracted swine flu, 60 million Americans contracted swine flu. 
They said they knew where Kayla was. 
We have reduced the budget deficit four years in a row. 
Because let's think about it. 
We must have the rest of our friends with us, saying to China, these are the rules. 
I look forward to the last weeks of this campaign. 
And I hope we take care of it as well as immigration. 
RYAN: You can -- you can reduce the tax rates by 20 percent and keep these important preferences for middle-class taxpayers... BIDEN: That's not mathematically possible. 
Already today, the members of his political party have said that they will ignore the orders of the new president of Serbia, and that they question his legitimacy, and he will always try to be actively involved. 
You've both committed yourself to taking the road to this campaign, but she's become very mean. 
MCGEE: Mr. Spivak with a question for Senator Kennedy. 
Over the past 30 months, 5 million jobs have been created in the private sector. 
And we just have to take it day by day. 
Gentlemen, on the case under consideration. 
And they're coming to Iraq for the same reason. 
I think his liberal vision is a thing of the past. 
I have too much friendship for him. 
What they want are new engines, new factories and new products that do not pollute air and water, but that nevertheless allow them to have a decent standard of living for their people. 
She doesn't. 
It's not for the people. 
And it's about trying to dissuade people from voting because he's trying to conf – to scare people to think it's not going to be legitimate. 
I know what the challenges are. 
Then let's look at our file. 
Secondly, we have to deal with this in this world, economic security is a lot of national security. 
Who do they represent? 
We believe that our tax reduction has played a very important role in this economic recovery. 
We are now working on the communications industry. 
And I heard them asking for something that would give them hope. 
Let me talk about North Korea. 
And I think I can. 
We're talking about chess on Main Street, and people who are going to lose their jobs, their credits, and their homes, if we don't solve the biggest financial crisis, probably in -- certainly in our time, and I've been around a little bit of time. 
And there were reports. public reports not long ago on ships that could not leave American ports due to a lack of crews. 
Mr. Trump, you can answer and we'll move on to the next segment. 
He won't give a list. 
Vice President Nixon, can you make the first summary? 
And you have once again confirmed the basic decency and generosity of the American people. 
When he came to the U.S. Senate of Illinois, he said he would have an average income tax reduction. 
I'll take care of her. 
They should go to iwillvote.com. 
That's what it is. 
No one has more respect for women than I do. 
I'm not playing Lawrence Welk tonight. 
And we're going to make sure that people are punished for the crime. 
I would therefore prefer, in this bill, an additional tax reduction and a further reduction in federal spending. 
Mental health is one of the greatest concerns, because now the police have to deal with a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. 
That wouldn't be a problem. 
The only thing they have to offer, Jim, is fear. 
I hope that such an incident will not occur. 
They sell a lot of cars here, create a lot of jobs -- those who sell exports. 
I sat for eight years in the United States Senate and served on the Armed Services Committee. 
Libya is peacefully dismantling its weapons programmes. 
Didn't you see the commercial? 
This extends the life of social security for 55 years. 
Mr. SIMPSON: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 
Again and again, on complex and difficult tasks, I remained the course. 
He is great as a speaker and describes his plans and vision. 
The only thing we all know about Joe is that he puts everything there. 
They won't get that chance now because we're already in the middle of an election. 
It's my solemn duty. 
The fact is, in 2000, however, after the crime bill was in the law for a while, it was the guy who said: "The problem with the crime bill, there aren't enough people in prison. 
So -- the question, I think, that we have to ask ourselves is, yes, we have to solve this problem in the short term. 
Yet, on average, an American woman working in our great nation earns 75 cents for every dollar earned by a man who works. 
Or, as I have been saying for a long time, and I think you will agree, because I told you once, if we had taken oil and we should have taken oil_ISIS could not have formed either, because oil was their main source of revenue. 
I think there's a good chance we can take Mosul. 
Some people have a misconception of this in America. 
That's why I'm so proud to be her race e. told me why she asked me to be her race companion. 
It's the economists' analysis that looked at this. 
And inflation affects everyone: those who work and those who are on well-being. 
I agreed to apply their rules to them. 
You know, a generation of office researchers tried to tell the Americans they could get something for nothing. 
I'd just like to answer. 
That red light means we're supposed to stop? 
No, I don't think it's embarrassing at all. 
But the most immediate answer is to do what this lady suggested, and it is to reduce this deficit and continue without adding to the misfortunes, then to restructure. 
Can we say, really, that we will be better when we come out of some sort of American basic instinct of decency and fairness? 
QUAYLE: Hal, President Bush has his health care reform program on Capitol Hill for 8 months. 
I'm sure he believes just as deeply that his will moves in this way. 
We measure progress in America based on whether or not someone can pay his mortgage, whether he can send his child to university, whether or not he can, when he sends his child, as we have abroad -- or I'm about to do, abroad -- and John also, I could add -- to fight, that they are the best equipped and have everything they need. 
A few things that can be done: we now have a deferral system so that multinationals investing abroad - if they earn $1 million in profits abroad - don't have to pay their taxes unless they bring their money back to that country. 
We had to deal with him, he sold drugs to our children. 
CHENEY: Well, Gwen, I can think of a lot of words to describe Senator Kerry's position on Iraq; "coherence" is not one of them. 
We have made tremendous progress in Afghanistan, exactly in the right direction, despite what John Edwards said two and a half years ago. 
BIDEN: I think the American public has the courage to succeed. 
You have found 4 trillion ways to reduce or get closer to a balanced budget, except that we still have trillion dollar deficits every year. 
It is true that our exports to Mexico, for example, have increased and our trade deficit has decreased; it is also true that today, a record trade deficit has been announced with Japan. 
You get a plan that will include prescription drugs, a plan that will give you options. 
But in the Presidency, there is much to be done. 
But what it does, everyone in the world is going to start pouring into our country. 
It is an account of the promises made and the promises made. 
Well, John, ten days ago, you said that the foundations of the economy were solid. 
Al Gore and I have published an economic plan in which we have set out specific objectives for the future. 
Health care costs increased by $2,500 per family. 
Second, I believe that the prosecution -- I don't think, I know -- that the prosecution results in an increase in the costs of health care in America. 
Now it may seem like a rigid and inflexible position. 
But it was a surprise for us, because they surpassed us from 64 to 36 in the submarines and 20 percent more bombers capable of carrying nuclear missiles than we had. 
KAINE: Governor Pence just said — Governor Pence just said Donald Trump will rebuild the army. 
That's what brought us from the surplus to the deficit. 
Will you be more specific about these conditions? 
If we're going to give our families more protection for their children from drugs and tobacco and gangs and firearms. 
His record in the United States Senate is not consistent with his rhetoric. 
I want you to be very happy. 
We live in a world where what you earn depends on what you can learn, where the average of 18 years will change jobs 8 times in a lifetime and where none of us can promise any of you that what you do now to live is absolutely safe from now on. 
Now, with respect to my party's flight, Senator Kennedy said that we have no compassion for the poor, that we are against progress - the enemies of progress, that is the term he uses, and so on. 
The most important thing, although I think as a leader that what needs to be done is to get to the point where you are not put in this position. 
When you stop thinking that the government has taken over 100 million acres of land out of circulation in Alaska, alone, that geologists believe to contain a lot in the line of minerals and energy sources, then I think it is the government, and the government with its own restrictions and regulations, that creates the energy crisis. 
They must have the logistical ability to go there and stop the murder. 
I thought the best example of how to deal with the situation was East Timor when we provided logistical support to the Australians, which we alone can provide. 
Joe talks about saying that we're going to invest in renewable energy, we're going to be about creating millions of jobs, we're going to reach zero net emissions by 2050, neutral carbon by 2035 – Joe has a plan. 
Martha, if we just did one thing, if we just -- if they allowed Medicare to negotiate for the cost of drugs as Medicaid can, it would save $156 billion on the bat. 
Gov Dukakis, you have a minute to answer. 
The mayors I spoke to in some of our big cities say! that the federal grants that come with. for a specific cause or purpose, come with such red tape, such priorities set by a bureaucracy in Washington, that the hands of local government are tied with regard to the use of that money they believe they can best use, and for what they think is the top priority. 
And so, I think the lines can meet. 
And I need -- we need education and training programs for displaced workers who work and go to our community colleges. 
One thing about insurance is a Washington term. 
82,000 Arizonians lost their health insurance under the supervision of President Bush. 
And that's because we've become weaker in each of these four... 
And positive action is not only something that applies to people of color. 
We still have time. 
That's the problem. 
You can decide which one of us you think you're right. 
SIMPSON: And I don't want to ring you, but we're trying to be fair -- PEROT: Okay. 
Is... 
We wanted to preserve human dignity in southern Africa. 
WELKER: President Trump, allow me to ask you my question. 
There must be more community health clinics where the poor can seek health care. 
Now, how to achieve this is the most critical component of it. 
Would you like your home state to prohibit all abortions? 
I know it'll be a surprise for Mr. Mondale, but I'm in charge. 
Of course, we are 5 per cent of the world's population; we have to trade with the others 95 per cent. 
No more than the question you just asked her. 
Now, I've been dealing with a lot of presidents, and I don't hesitate to talk for a minute. 
All these things take a few minutes. 
We want to help you pay to acquire the skills necessary to fill the jobs of the 21st century. 
Again, it's for the future... OBAMA: I understand. 
Mr. WELKER: Ten seconds, Mr. President, I have to move on to another question. 
When we talk about math that doesn't add up, why not four trillion dollars in deficits over the last four years, five trillion dollars? 
If we do not strengthen social security, when we miss ORIs, when the program goes bankrupt, a 25 per cent reduction in system-wide benefits applies to current seniors in the middle of their retirement. 
I'd like them to be eliminated. 
He told us how good Xi was doing. 
I have a plan to cover all the Americans. 
That's two things. 
Now, if a woman wants to go to work or a man wants to go to work, it should be their choice, not the choice of the Washington facility, D.C. 
Can you really trust Bill Clinton? 
So let us fix what broke up about it, but don't let him throw it away and give it back to insurance companies and drug companies. 
Basically, they get deductions that these small businesses to which Governor Romney refers, they don't get. 
I will look for judges who have an exceptional judicial record, who have the intellect, and who, hopefully, have an idea of what people in the real world are going through. 
We need to recruit 100,000 new teachers. 
It was a big pivot of the fact that she wants open borders, okay? 
But I don't think we're going to turn the Department of Defense into a police organization. 
A few weeks ago, I stood at what was his living room, was burned on the floor. 
Another thing that a farmer is not interested in is the management of the supply that the democratic platform is talking about. 
We all remember Pearl Harbor. We lost three thousand American lives. 
And I ask you to reflect on the experience I have had working with a president who has revolutionized the situation around the world. 
What phrases of code should we read by what you said about what kind of people you would name? 
Our nation must be credible and strong. 
It was a while ago and I didn't have the opportunity, when he described Chinese investments and so on. 
Would you like to go? 
The Oregon plan had common sense, but it is easy to reject the concerns of people with disabilities. 
- ...as recently as in January. 
I invite the American people tomorrow -- because I will publish the statement quoting President Reagan -- he said exactly what I said. 
Mr. Mondale, to turn to you, do you consider abortion a murder or a sin? 
It's time. 
Every place I go, I talk about it, and I think they want it done. 
Unfortunately, we are now in a situation where it has begun to confuse us, where the coalition is no longer closely linked. 
I don't think there are bad guys in the government on this issue, but there are a lot of people who don't understand business. 
I don't believe it. 
Knowing the magnitude of the deficit, knowing that there was no plan to control the costs of health care and knowing that we did not have a strategy to bring real economic growth back into that economy. 
And so I told him my opinion. 
And I agree, it works very well now. 
I understand that; over the past 20 years, there have been eight major actions that have involved the introduction of the United States' land, air or naval forces. 
And we got their attention. 
What we are doing is what the Attorney General of the United States has done under the leadership of the President: to call the owners of chain stores and get them to act. 
So we really need to rebuild our base of work. 
(APPLAUSE) GORE: I want to answer that, I want to answer that. 
You have vetoed or threatened to veto the number of employment bills passed or under development in the Democratic Congress - Congress controlled by the Democrats. 
Soviet planning, I learned that when I was director of Central Intelligence, and I don't think there would be any disagreement, is based on this ugly concept. 
That's not true. 
We will focus on many of the issues that voters tell us are the most important, and we will insist on details. 
I want bilateral talks that put all the questions, the armistice of 1952, economic issues, human rights issues, issues relating to the elimination of artillery, issues relating to the demilitarized zone and nuclear issues on the table. 
When you're the president of the United States, you have a public trust and you have to keep that public trust, like George Washington, like Abraham Lincoln did. 
I do not think that any of us should be called upon here to make a decision on what other things might come under the tradition of self-defence. 
I made a statement. 
I will therefore let the American people decide, judge, which will be more effective and credible when it comes to imposing paralysing sanctions. 
I have no idea, but I hope that happens in my life. 
The fact is that it is regulated by States. 
But you also had banks making money with their hands on your fist, scratching the products that the bankers themselves didn't even understand, in order to make big profits, but knowing that it made the entire system vulnerable. 
KEMP: I don't think, Jim, Bob Dole was suggesting that the defence of our country be a job or a socio-economic program, but it is clear that the defence budget of this administration has taken up the defence as a percentage of our national economy at a level below what it was before Pearl Harbor. 
He said, "Joe, understand one thing. Everyone is sent here for a reason, because there's something in them that their people love. Don't question their motive." 
Your plan is a white flag of surrender in Iraq and that's not what our troops need to hear today, for sure. 
But I'm also telling you now, social security has nothing to do with the deficit. 
The other struggle to perfect their democracy. 
They have their differences. 
Secretary Clinton? 
He can now say that he no longer believes that a line should be drawn, leaving these islands outside the perimeter of the defence. 
This is the extreme pro-abortion position, quote, "health". 
Again, I'm aware of that. 
Let me say that there is only one point I would add. 
They made an illegal contribution, and then they tried to hide it by disguised it to someone else. 
And we won't have that, we don't have it now, in a Yasser Arafat. 
We will need all possible tools to reduce this federal budget deficit. 
And at the end of those seven years, we were engaged in a war in Korea that cost the lives of thirty thousand Americans. 
And in some cases, he may still be at large. 
We think this is good progress. 
We have it on civil rights legislation, the establishment of minorities, more help for black colleges, and we have it in terms of economy that offers people opportunities and hope instead of despair. 
He says we should have schools without weapons. 
We all agreed that this would be a rather boring place. 
CLINTON: Well, thank you, Lester, and thank you to Hofstra for welcoming the central question of this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we will build together. 
$48 million. 
LEHRER: The next question is for the President. 
We need to reform it. 
Unfortunately, we had no further questions about this. 
And I do not believe that raising taxes is the way to solve our environmental problems. 
We are going to create a green line in every city in the United States where there is unemployment and well-being, and we are going to eliminate the capital gains tax, eliminate the tax on a welfare mother who is taking a job. 
When the Vice-President makes a decision, it will be his decision. 
America is at peace and with freedom. 
And that's still the case today. 
It's common sense. 
If we want to do the things that must be done to keep this country safe, we cannot be dragged with kicks and screams. 
I heard Senator Scott plead this eloquent plea. 
What class do you teach? 
The social security system has been set at about five years, and I think it should be healthy beyond that. 
Then, Senator Harris, you and your colleagues in Congress tried to charge the President of the United States by telephone. 
He's our greatest ally in the region. 
Over the past 10 years, we have created jobs in the manufacturing sector much faster than the national average. 
I don't take it personally. 
Nor did they have a plan to win peace. 
But I think the important point is that we must have a president who understands the benefits of free trade, but who will also enforce unfair trade agreements and who will oppose other countries. 
You're making an invited ballot, and it's okay. 
Now, the federal government will turn around and say, well, you have this problem; we will now give you the money to do it. 
We can't go to zero. 
I think the administration did the right thing in this case. 
We are a country that owes $20 trillion. 
And why did it turn into that? 
This has also allowed us to focus on alliances and relationships that have been neglected for a decade. 
That's not what we're going to do. 
Yeah, you said that. 
The best days of America await us. 
But we just have a different set of beliefs about how you make America safe. 
Number four, the rule of law. 
We've done a lot to give people more power to make their own decisions about their own lives. 
And secondly, like my opponent, I do not agree that we should have quotas. 
When the President exercises his veto power, he must have the upo- people behind him, not just a third of Congress. 
Three and a half minutes is over. 
There was a momentary fear that he could win and that the markets fell like that. 
I want to see asymmetric reductions in conventional forces. 
He told me, quoting, "the announcements are so negative and they are all demolishing each other rather than building the country." 
So please go to... TRUMP: Oh, you didn't delete them? 
It's time for America to find new leadership. 
But Carter-Monad reached an agreement, the Salt II agreement, but the democratic Senate was a democratic administration, the democratic Senate would not even ratify that agreement. 
But it seemed to me like an observer you know before you called someone in America, you'd have an idea what the final result might be. 
MODERATOR: Should the people of the world look at the United States, the governor, and say, should they fear us, should they welcome our involvement, should they see us as a friend, everyone in the world? 
Powerful interests, if you want, in Washington, D.C. and have been unable to work with others. 
We have reduced more regulations, eliminated more programs than my two Republican predecessors. 
Recycling these products, then returning to the pockets of American workers by reducing their tax payments. 
They separated them at the border to make them a discouragement to come to begin with. 
Well, I guess some of them might be better. 
It's not a message from a commander-in-chief, or it's a "great diversion." 
It's really paralyzing our state of readiness. 
This is how Joe Biden thinks of the economy, that is to say, the investment in the population of our country, as opposed to the adoption of a tax law, which had the advantage of letting American companies go abroad to do their business. 
Part of the American leadership is to make sure we build a nation here at home. 
And, therefore, I am encouraged by what I see when I speak to Mr. -- what I hear when I speak to Mr. Gorbachev and Mr. Shevardnadze, but can they do so. 
That's right. 
I spoke to the senior offices who feared that the reinforcement troops had been withdrawn during the fighting season, and some of them saw this as a political movement. 
Of course it is a charge that is always made against any governor who comes to the presidency. 
We are meeting both Republicans and Democrats. 
The last question is, I can't remember which one of his grudges was the last question. 
And they understood that between Governor Reagan's promised tax reduction to the American people, and Jimmy Carter's promised tax reduction in 198I, he's worth about $122 more. 
Lebanon KONDRACKE: President Reagan, you introduced the United States. 
I am not satisfied that I do not use 50% of our steelmaking capacity. 
You know, when I was young and tall, I remember walking down the kitchen early in the morning, and I saw the television light. 
I'll say that... 
But what I also said is that if we really want to reduce the deficit, if it is really a moral obligation to the next generation, then in addition to some difficult cuts in spending, we also need to make sure that the rich do a little more. 
This gap will close, because the Arabs, the Japanese and the people of this country will start buying German treasures because they can get more money. 
I speak their language. 
WALLACE: I'd like to talk about climate change. 
And if they have to be in the mistake slightly on the lower side, then I'm going to phase in the programs we've been advocating, slower. 
I'm not taking it. 
I'm talking to small businesses across the country. 
Now, when you're out of Congress, you're really swinging. 
And if there are thousands of ballots, it'll take time to do it. 
When I think of Afghanistan, I think of the incredible work our troops have done. 
We'll let you answer and move on to the next part. 
And it turns out that the work to implement these paralysing sanctions is laborious. 
I understand all this. 
These were counterfeit products manufactured abroad with the same serial number as a U.S. company, the same packaging, which were sold in our market and worldwide as if they were manufactured by the U.S. competitor. 
You almost talk about it like being in prison. 
And they concluded that there was no reasonable prosecutor to go further. 
To answer your question, we just need American force. 
He had some sort of personal Rushmore, Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, Mommar Gaddafi... PENCE: Oh, please. 
Susan, I have to weigh here – 
GORE: And if we can take our approach, cities will be much better. 
I will tell you, after two Syrian refugees were involved in the attack in Paris, called Paris, on 11 September, as governor of the state of Indiana, I have no more priority than the safety and security of the people of my state. 
It is clear from the press that in fact, that is exactly what they were doing. 
You cannot discriminate in the rights you offer to people. 
We owe too much to our country to return to this approach. 
7 000. 
If we have been on the Senate Committee on Armed Services for eight years, I have had experience dealing with the Soviet Union and how we can move forward. 
And I want states to fulfil their responsibilities. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Mr. Chairman, a new question, two minutes. 
How do you do that? 
Do you think it should be repealed? 
But I would like to correct... PENCE: ...and invade vast areas of Iraq. 
America is not motionless. 
It will be one of the biggest very y line elements. e have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much cheaper and something that works, where your plan can actually be adapted. 
We caused the problem, and then we have to release them. 
These are the types of efforts undertaken in collaboration with community leaders, particularly in minority areas in central cities, which have deteriorated so rapidly in the past. 
I met dishwashers, painters, architects, glass installers, marble installers, drapery installers, like my father, whom you refused to pay when they finished the work you asked them to do. 
And because of this, the quality of care is declining. 
I respect him for showing up tonight - for appearing here, and I thank the Women's Voting League for the opportunity they gave me. 
I want to help young people get an education, just as I had an education after the Second World War with the IG Bill of Rights. 
I might as well go with -- -- WALTERS: Would you like to go with your -- -- REAGAN: I don't think so. 
This is the best answer to her. 
3 billion, in particular, cuts to the federal budget. 
So no good cash -- in a Gore administration? 
BROKAW: Should we fund a Manhattan-type project that develops a nuclear bomb to deal with global energy and alternative energy or should we fund 100,000 garages across America, the kind of industry and innovation that developed Silicon Valley? 
The middle class needs a rescue plan. 
I wanted us to pay for this, since we're at war. 
The reason is that we have absolutely no leadership. 
And that's the reality. 
There's nothing smart about you, Joe. 
And I will not stop in our efforts to track down and kill terrorists. 
You know -- MODERATOR: Let me ask you -- BUSH: First of all, it's just not true what he just said, of course. 
I voted against. 
Put in addition to that the kind of trade agreements that will put the American worker first, and you got a prescription for real growth. 
I don't really think it's one of my -- you know, one of my concerns what -- how you conduct your sex life. 
CHENEY: We clearly come from different political perspectives. 
3 million of them were among the black Americans, and another million among those who speak Spanish. 
Truman's right. The money stops there. 
I disappeared for 44 months, so let's go smoke, since they didn't even do it. 
Mitt Romney and I will not be able to avoid difficult problems, and we will not blame others for the next four years. 
We will negotiate with pharmaceutical companies for the cheapest price available on medicines. 
The intelligence gathering and the weapons of the FBI law enforcement agencies could not share the intelligence under the old law. 
And that means doing it as part of the Medicare program. 
This issue was too long on the table because it was a political issue. 
I would like to point out that when we look at our programmes in Latin America, we see that we have invested five times more for Latin America than the previous administration; we see that we have two billion dollars more for the Export-Import Bank; we have a new bank for Latin America of only one billion dollars; we have the new program that was presented at the Bogota Conference - this new program that President Eisenhower presented, approved by the last Congress - for five hundred million dollars. 
It's counterproductive. 
Look what happened just in the Midwest with those storms coming through and clearing entire sections and counties in Iowa. 
He can't come here and tell you that he didn't leave any children because he didn't fund any children left behind. 
Mr. Mondale, is it not possible for the American people to have heard your message -- and to listen -- but to reject it? 
Number one, let me repeat, if you have a health care plan you like, you can keep it. 
One of the amazing things that happened was that they actually tainted more people of supervision, people of supervision, in this government. 
We have lost credibility around the world. 
We have to do things here. 
And that is, I would not join the International Criminal Court. 
The Honourable Quijano: Senator, please. 
Well. 
But we also need to look at some options, that we -- depending on the options. 
The deficit was bigger than I thought. 
Thank you, Belmont University. 
Mortgage holders did not pay the price. 
Let me give you another example. 
No, I don't think it's okay, and I said it publicly. 
Mr. GANNON: As a follow-up, Mr. Speaker: Congress has just passed a three-billion-billion-dollar credit bill that would provide money for the public works employment program that you tried to kill by your veto to the authorization law. 
So we have to do it. 
Now I don't know all the answers. 
When they see hatred continuing, they have to report an example, in San Bernardino, many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people who killed and wounded many, many people. 
But they weren't taken care of. 
She's 79. 
The children of those who have come here illegally, these children, I think, should have a way to become a permanent resident of the United States and military service, for example, is a way that they would have that kind of way to become a permanent resident. 
Did you do it? 
And she worked until she became vice president of a local bank, but she hit the glass ceiling. 
And we will. 
That's what our five-point plan is for a stronger middle class. 
I think this is an important element of leadership. 
It'll help Jeremy get a job. 
If Governor Pence wants to return more troops to Iraq, it's... QUIJANO: There are a lot of people in this country who are wondering about the economy. 
SPIVAK: Mr. Vice-President, according to news reports from Soviet Prime Minister Khrushchev, Prime Minister Macmillan assured him that there would be a summit conference next year after the presidential elections. 
Do you understand why these parents fear for their children? 
Andrea, I think we both have a responsibility to try to solve the problems. 
And I must say, Senator McCain and myself, that I agree on the importance of energy, but Senator McCain mentioned earlier the importance of examining a matter. 
It's not a Wall Street tax reduction. 
Senator Bentsen said, as you remember during the debate with Senator Quayle, that if you give one of us $200 billion in hot cheques a year, we can create an illusion of prosperity. 
And they're very good and highly qualified. 
Vice-President 
And we don't have enough troops there. 
I regret to say that the president who called himself a unitary, not a divider, now presides over the most divided America in our country's recent memory. 
I'd rather have an insurance company. 
MCCAIN: Well, thank you, Terry (ph). 
I'm not saying that like that. 
You don't have to believe me. "Time", "Newsweek", "U.S. News &amp; World Report", "Business Week", 83 percent of hundreds of economists in a random survey recently all said it would make a hole in the deficit. 
I represent you all, whether you voted for me or against me. 
Flight U-2 in May just before the conference was a mistake in timing due to the dangers involved, if the summit conference had a hope of success. 
And 13 trillion dollars of family wealth were destroyed. 
But I think the important thing -- the important thing -- is to use the powers available to the President on the assumption that, given the condition of this economy, we will keep interest rates down if we have the discipline to increase investment and reduce debt at the same time. 
And it's the parents. 
I never said that. 
Let me find a way to ask the same question in a slightly different way here. 
If Governor Pence wants more troops back to Iraq, it's... 
According to my plan, if you do -- the top -- the rich pay 62% of the taxes today. 
I think this will require sound credit policies. 
Mr. Perot, you have a minute. 
But two things. 
You mean, time? 
Jim, there's a lot of things we need to answer. 
He also said a while ago that we would get more money to fund his programs by revising tax laws, including exhaustion. 
Six increases in payroll tax -- that is, people with income of $51,000 per year or less pay a disproportionate share of the federal tax burden, which is why I want middle-class tax relief. 
I think there may be a political reason why you can't say it, but I really don't believe - in New York, stop-and-frisk, we had 2,200 murders, and stop-and-frisk brought back 500 murders. 
How are we going to heat the house this winter? 
COMPTON: Governor, today they can call them role models, but they were heroes, the kind of public figure that could inspire an entire generation, someone that was bigger than life. 
I also believe in the Golden Rule. 
But this does not concern much of the recent terrorist attacks in the United States, such as the Orlando nightclub massacre and the recent bombings in New York and New Jersey. 
But I have a plan to do it. 
This is a fundamental difference between our two approaches. 
The truth, however, is that Al Qaeda is much weaker than it was when I took office. 
King Abdullah of Jordan said yesterday or the day before that you cannot hold elections in Iraq with the chaos that is taking place today. 
WELKER: We have a number of — we have a number of subjects — 
Now, President Trump, I'm going to tell you that he has unlimited confidence in the American people and that he has always spoken with confidence that we will succeed together. 
The development has been successful and the training programme is proceeding rapidly. 
Can I answer that? 
I don't think we should have that kind of program. 
Mr. Perot, racial division continues to tear our big cities apart, the last episode being this spring in Los Angeles. 
QUAYLE: Vice-President George Bush said he was going to deal with the environmental issue. 
But it's not a statement about his heart. 
We will provide a standard health insurance plan provided by private insurance companies and eliminate duplication, red tape and overlap, and we will have cost controls to eliminate unnecessary procedures that cost so much money today. 
Some people who say the word reform actually mean cuts. 
After the debate, candidates will have the opportunity to make a final statement. 
(Applaudissements) 
PALIN: Senator Biden, I respected you when you called him. 
What about the long-term unemployed who are in need of employment at the moment? 
That's interesting. 
It's an administration looking back, not forward and in the future. 
You have 30 seconds to answer, Mr. Vice President. 
I'd like to go back to that. 
You also offer opportunity grants so that low-income parents have the same choice as others when sending their children to better schools. 
And unfortunately, Governor Romney's budget and his proposals would not allow us to make these investments. 
I don't think you can do that, with all due respect to Al Gore, with someone who has spent the last 24 years in this Washington environment and who is campaigning on the basis of the castigation of others, pointing the finger of blame at others in terms of blaming business or various groups for failures. 
I said that we would leave Afghanistan and begin to ensure that Afghans are responsible for their own security, and that is what I am doing. 
I didn't say that. 
That's what I would like them to know about me; that I got up every day and worked for the American people and worked so that their children could realize their dreams. 
That's not what I think and that's not my intentions and not my plan. 
We need this kind of force because we are the guardians of peace. 
He came here for a reason, for all of our health record in Texas. 
The government doesn't demand that you do anything. 
We do not, frankly, like Nicaragua to export its revolution or to serve as a supply channel from "democracies" such as North Korea, Bulgaria, the Soviet Union and the Cube, in an attempt to destabilize El Salvador. 
They want these civil rights laws to be enforced. 
And let me — let me — leave this whole Putin thing. 
We now have about four hundred and eighty-five employees, so we have made a fairly significant reduction in the number of White House employees working for the President. 
But I would like — I suggest to you, what we need to do is to assert stronger leadership at the national level to support law enforcement. 
Let's kill this. 
Soyons clairs. 
But in fact, a limited government can work in the second largest state of the Union. 
Actually, what I said, Jim. 
Mondale. 
Let us consider the distance between us and - and Israel, the President said that - that it was going to come to light between us and Israel. 
I therefore believe that the American people, including the Perot supporters, know that I have had a constant record in favour of the reform of campaign financing, and I will continue to have it. 
This is not the way to end or reduce unemployment. 
You can say you're doing it on camera, but you're not, unless you've changed your plan here on stage. 
But it's good we got them. 
The American economy, the American return is on the ballot with four more years of growth and opportunities – 
I need it. 
Do it, sir. 
I did it as a security measure to be sure, because I would prefer that we reduce the consumption of imported oil rather than sending American boys to fight in the Persian Gulf. 
All right. 
I want to streamline the approval of competing generic drugs and new types of treatments that can compete with them so that we reduce the price for everyone. 
And talking about my son, the way you talk about the army, the way you talk about being losers and being, and, and, and, and, and just being losers. 
Just a minute. 
Together with John Kerry as President of the United States, we commit ourselves to immediately implementing all the reforms proposed by the 11 September Commission, so that we have the information we need to find terrorists and crush them before they hurt us. 
We sneaked into another question, and it's from Karl Becker. 
Merci, Jeremy. 
Secretary of State Baker, Kissinger, Powell, they all advocated a certain level of engagement with the enemies. 
Do we have any allies who helped us? We have Great Britain. 
We didn't even start. 
No, but you have to go back to what social security was when it was created. 
There is a difference between the great federal government and someone from outside Washington who will trust individuals. 
When Joe Biden was vice-president, they were trying to impose, spend and regulate, and bail us out in a growing economy. 
My turn. 
Men's wages have not risen, they have fallen. 
Do you think Russia under Vladimir Putin is an evil empire? 
How many of you got up this morning and got an empty chair at the kitchen table because someone died of VOCID? 
We find that there have been more constructions in this administration than in the previous administration. 
It was not an extreme bill and yet we could not get a Republican to join, at least I think four of the eight Democrats voted to send it to the House - not a Republican - and they joined the Democrats who had opposed it. 
Now, there are other issues that have an impact on how women succeed in the workplace. 
These things are paid for in the balanced budget plan. 
They have come a long way towards the resumption of this election for the American people and the resumption of their country. 
If an elector wants to make a choice, what is it? 
- Ninety percent. 
When something happens that endangers our security, or when something happens that threatens our stature in the world, or when Americans are threatened by the actions of a foreign country, uh - just forty sailors on the Mayaguez, we obviously have to move aggressively and quickly to save them. 
Good evening. 
Yes. 
But that's not what you've done in the last four years. 
All groups of people grow up. 
And do you know that of the 50 people President Trump has appointed to the Court of Appeal for life appointments, not one is black? 
But now I think there have been a few cases in which the Burger Court has rendered technical decisions in which a clearly guilty person was subsequently found guilty. 
In Senator Lugar's book, he talks about the advancement of human rights in the world; he talks about his leadership efforts in the Philippines and South Africa, where we now see the advancement of human rights on Reagan's agenda. 
And, you know, Elaine, I have the same record. 
Our army is too large. 
I want us to invest in you. 
Congress cannot order the president. 
Many of the federal government's legislative functions are currently in a state of paralysis as a result of partisan blocking. 
MARGOLIS: Senator Quayle, I want to come back to the question of qualifications, which, in my opinion, is not limited to your - BENTSEN: John, we cannot hear you. 
Would you like to clarify that, sir? 
We can, with the participation of all Americans, work together and solve these problems together. 
TRUMP: I think you need to turn off ISIS. 
I think they want to. 
Just as the computer was originally invented by a group of government scientists trying to understand, for defence purposes, how to communicate, we must understand that it is also a national security problem. 
In fact, the office of Senator McCain's campaign chair was a lobbyist on behalf of Fannie Mae, not me. 
We're not -- we're not -- we're not gunshots here. 
It's a people's government. 
[laughs] KAINE: Look at Donald Trump apologizing to John McCain for saying he wasn't a hero... PENCE: Oh... KAINE: ... Donald Trump apologizes for calling women slobs, pigs, dogs, disgusting. 
Governor Bush, two minutes. 
First and foremost, we need to fully fund LIHEAP, which is a way to help low-income people, especially here in the east to pay high fuel bills. 
But the Russians must understand that such actions and activities are not acceptable and, hopefully, we will use the leverage effect, economic, diplomatic and other, united with our allies, allies and friends in Europe, who are just as disturbed as we are about their recent behaviour. 
I also need the next leader to be patient. 
Von Fremd, it would be totally irresponsible for a presidential candidate, or for a president himself, to indicate the course of action and the weapons he would use in the event of such an attack. 
I mean, this economy is in trouble. 
And that's exactly what he did. 
All right, we're done. 
I am sorry that we were unable to persuade the third candidate to arrive, so that he could also be seen in these debates. 
But I'm not going to make decisions that, in my opinion, are bad for America. 
And what I'm looking for is who did it? 
But there are some guidelines that need to be followed, and I have just defined them. 
Now, wait a minute. 
With regard to the major progress made with public spending, the unemployment rate for Blacks in Detroit (Michigan) is 56 per cent. 
With regard to price stability, I do not know that this committee has produced recommendations that have never been submitted to Congress from the point of view of price control legislation. 
I don't think Hillary wants it. 
Mr. May? 
Joe and I are particularly proud of the coalition we built around our campaign. 
The President has not yet balanced his budget. 
So, n.e. call this opening segment "Achieving Prosperity." 
One thing that is very clear is that a long CV does not equal good judgment. 
We're going to have to have employers in the new economy, in the economy that I'm going to put at stake, who will be so eager to get good workers that they will be eager to hire women. 
Prime Minister Rabin gave his life because someone in his own country literally hated him for trying to bring peace. 
We have carried more civil rights cases to the Department of Justice than the previous administration by far. 
And they artificially try to extend monopoly patent protection so that they can continue to charge these very high prices. 
Michael Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen believe that America must commit itself to this united future in a commitment to make our country the most powerful and prosperous nation in the world. 
Thank you. 
We have an environmental crisis, a health insurance crisis, a non-standard education. 
I'm behind them. 
I understand the serious consequences of the engagement of our troops in the path of evil. 
Since our administration took over, 7.7 million people have entered another tranche, leaving only 5 million older people in that tranche, while there were more than 13 million. 
The basic rules for tonight are as follows: The questions will alternate the questions between the candidates. 
So when they see this kind of activity, they're encouraged to continue, and that's the problem. 
And the way you do things is to bury yourself in the room with each other, put together the best program, bring it to the American people, use the electronic city hall, the kind of thing you do here tonight, build a consensus, then do it and then move on to the next one. 
And what we did in Massachusetts is a model for nation-state by state. 
I forgive you. 
Civil rights - have been confirmed by the Burger Court, have not been reversed, and I do not think there is a tendency to reverse these fundamental decisions. 
It's not presidential. 
He was tried for 12 years and failed. 
And paid little taxes and lost a billion a year.And why the disconnection with your racing companion? 
One of them is nuclear proliferation. 
And that is why, in this area, I have made recommendations which, I am sure, will move the US economy forward - moving it forward firmly and soundly so that there will never be a time when the Soviet Union will be able to question our superiority in this area. 
And, Elaine, Iraq didn't want our troops to stay, and they wouldn't give us the protection of our troops. 
We have -- we have a president who talks about someone's plan in a way that is completely alien to what my real plan is. 
One, of course, is to increase taxes. 
Is this your dream, the opening of borders? 
In 1979, the Soviet Union allowed 51,000 people to emigrate because, to a large extent, the policies of this administration over the last four years, 1313 people left the Soviet Union in 1983 and 1984. 
John McCain and I actually asked for the Federal Trade Commission's report, published three or four weeks ago, which conclusively proved that the entertainment industry sold products listed to adults to our children. 
And Iran and Iraq are now more dangerous - Iran and North Korea are now more dangerous. 
We have passed a bill on the redevelopment of areas that is much more effective than the bill that the Administration has proposed on two occasions, and the President has vetoed it twice. 
It's harder to defend this nation. 
PENCE: – sell the bill of goods of a green New Deal. 
So we're talking about all these new jobs. 
My grandfather died a while ago. 
While I was governor of Georgia, although I am not a lawyer, we have had a comprehensive reform of the Georgian judicial system. 
The plan says we're going to train Iraqi soldiers so they can do the hard work, and we are. 
There is also an interesting problem in the northwest. 
And don't touch the glove box because someone can shoot you. 
And I'm really sorry about that. 
I see why people in your workplace think he's changing a lot of jobs, because he does. 
Sometimes people feel a little uncomfortable talking about it, but it's much clearer to me now. 
I want to cut rates, at the same time reduce deductions, exemptions and credits, and so on, so we continue to get the revenues we need. 
Mr. Baldi? 
QUIJANO: Governor...[crosstalk] PENCE: There are millions more people living in poverty today than the day Barack Obama with Hillary Clinton at his side... KAINE: And the level of poverty and the median income... PENCE: ... entered the oval office. 
He testified, and these are his words - the current governor of Georgia - he says that he found the Medicaid program in Georgia in shampoos. 
We have about 4 -- BUSH: I think he did my case. 
But America, you just heard Senator Harris tell you, on the first day, Joe Biden's will raise your taxes. 
And I won't -- I won't stand up to an increase in small business income tax. 
According to my plan, half of their costs would be paid immediately. 
One of the most serious problems -- one of the most serious -- was the enormous effort of that administration to impose on Mexico a devaluation of their peso. 
And you're talking about the bad situation in the automotive industry. 
Now, the President presided over an economy where we lost 1. 
They were released. 
I propose an American version of what works in other countries -- I think we can do better: invest and grow. 
And as I said, you can run, but you can't hide reality. 
I repeat, a few days after you made this commitment, you broke it; you said, well, perhaps as a last resort that we will. 
Jim, the president started this segment, so I think I have the last word. 
A president must know the essential facts to be ordered. 
Absolutely not. 
We spent their money. 
GORE: Harry Truman, it's worth remembering, assumed the presidency when Franklin Roosevelt died here in Georgia -- only one of the many occasions where fate pushed a vice president into the oval office in times of crisis. 
Mr. WALLACE: The second topic is VOCID-19, which is an extremely serious subject. 
Where the planes are out of business. 
I do not believe in trying to legislate on new tests for the selection of the federal judiciary. 
Let them answer their questions. 
They will each last two minutes by mutual agreement. 
What are your views on the separation of church and state specifically with regard to abortion, and do you think it was fair that the Archbishop of Philadelphia read a letter in 305 churches asking Catholics to fight against abortion by their votes? 
Let's talk about this issue of surplus because it leads a lot of what we're talking about here, Joe. 
You've been through the hardest weeks anyone can imagine. 
And so, with respect to reducing deductions, one way to do that would be to say that everyone gets -- I'm going to choose a number -- $25,000 in deductions and credits, and you can decide which ones to use. 
After the honourable senator has responded, you do not have to feel obliged to answer the honourable senator. 
All right. 
People from Texas. 
We experienced a Great Depression in our life that was literally all over the world and almost put us on our knees. 
How do you intend not only to hold teachers and schools accountable, but also to hold parents accountable? 
I saw the strength of my nation, and I saw the crises that she approached in a temporary way. 
And if you answer all these questions yes, why then, I think your choice is very obvious as to who you will vote for. 
Obviously, energy will be an important factor. 
And the multiplier effect of interest rates will make it more likely that the social security system will be solvent for our children and grandchildren. 
Why did the President think it was wrong and why was the President right and are his criticisms wrong? 
(inaudible) make it short (inaudible). 
And the final segment of the debate will be the closing segment, and candidates will each have 4 minutes for their closing statements. 
I think we need a Attorney General who says that if a law is violated, we will apply it. 
This is not a problem with Mr Nixon, who now says that he also supports the Eisenhower policy. 
KEMP: Jim, my position on positive action has been clear since I left the professional football career for Congress in 1970. 
And so the question here tonight is not where we've been, but where we're going. 
I think that government-led health will lead to poor health, will lead to rationing, will lead to fewer choices. 
At the same time, the markets that are important to our farmers will be destroyed. 
We wondered how, if we would fight so quickly that we would strangle the economy in the process. 
Is it true that you paid $750 in federal income tax each of these two years? 
I feel like at the end of tonight, I'm going to get blamed for everything that happened. 
Mr. O'BRIEN: Mr. Speaker, you have enjoyed a republican majority in the House and Senate during most of your presidency. 
Vice President Quayle, please. 
Mr. HUBB (spoke in French): Mr. President. 
If he is elected, in your case, if he is re-elected, in your case, what would you do about it? 
He wants to dismantle the six-party talks, or the five-nation coalition that sends him a clear message. 
What would happen next? 
All those who pay taxes should receive relief. 
I met Mr. Gorbachev. 
Just to get down on the list, we defend Japan, we defend Germany, we defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia, we defend countries. 
It really depends on how our nation behaves in foreign policy. 
We have a huge trade imbalance with China, and it's worse this year than last year, and it's worse last year than the previous year. 
I don't know about the lawyers at the trial. 
Bob, we relied on a company in England to supply about half of the influenza vaccines to the American citizen, and it turned out that the vaccine they produced was contaminated. 
And believe me, we're in a bubble right now. 
And why did he do that? 
Everyone remembers, people know what happened. 
They were with the drug companies. 
MCCAIN: And I want to tell you that now that we succeed and our troops will return home, not in defeat, we will see a stable ally in the region and an emerging democracy. 
MCAFEE: Good morning, Senator Dole. 
We will reduce the cost of a barrel of oil because we show the world that we have our own supply. 
When you talk about breakfast, as you know, it was perfectly legal. 
I think that whenever we end up with one of these attacks, it is appropriate to respond. 
And we have uninsured people in my condition. 
I would never say that. 
There are six other studies that looked at the study you're describing and that say it's completely wrong. 
(Applause) LEHRER: Mr Vice-President? 
But I have a lot of respect for him. 
Agricultural income in America is high. 
What I've been proposing for a long time, and I've had conversations with foreign leaders about forming a league of democracies, let's be clear and talk frankly. 
Your time, Secretary Clinton. 
On this note, let us turn to foreign policy. 
It is the kind of record that is there and that talks about the future and about a drastic change or conversion on the part of Mr Ford at the last minute is the one that is wrong. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: First of all, let me -- let me repeat -- let me repeat what I said. 
We need a solid economic package; we need a tax reduction; we need the $500 child credit, and we'll soon have that. 
He thought I shouldn't have closed the border. 
But if you don't have the courage to control costs by changing the insurance system and taking the bureaucracy and regulation of health care in the private and public sectors, you can't solve this problem. 
You need transparency, you need to have leverage limits to... LEHRER: Well, here's a specific... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: But we're going -- let's mention -- let me mention the other. 
And then I looked and I realized that what was happening was Howard Dean making significant progress in democratic primarys, fleeing with primarys on the basis of an anti-war record. 
It's a $1 million loan. 
I'm here to enforce them on behalf of the millions of Americans watching. 
We are not going to eliminate all those who are mentally disturbed and we must make sure that they do not have weapons. 
They're sold. 
Tell Tony Blair we're going alone. 
Otherwise, we should wait until February. 
We said, "Okay, if that's what you want to do." 
PENCE: Look, Donald Trump has filed over 100 pages of financial disclosure, which is what the law requires. 
People have to decide. 
One works for the family and the other pays taxes for the government. 
Think about it. 
Those are the rules. 
You said, "Look, I'm going to expand the tax policies we have now; I'm not going to increase taxes on anyone, because when the economy grows slowly like that, when we're in recession, you shouldn't increase taxes on anyone." 
The incredibly good No Child Left Behind Act was a good job between me and my administration and people like Senator Ted Kennedy. 
Sam Raybum had a great expression about it. 
And I'm not going to defend someone saying that because someone shouted something at a rally -- there are a lot of things that were shouted at your rallies, Senator Obama, that I'm not happy either. 
No, there was no change of heart. 
But let me warn the public once again. 
He completely renounced manufacturing. 
OBAMA: The most important thing we can do is make sure we control our own energy. 
And what I would like to do is that the National Guard and the Reserve are deployed differently here in our country. 
We cannot afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region in the world. 
Mr President, I would like to go to the fence and try to catch it before it passes, but I will move on to another question. 
Governor Reagan, on the other hand, was criticized for being too quick to advocate the use of a lot of muscle - military action - to deal with foreign crises as I mentioned. 
If you don't know the difference between dictatorship and leadership, then you have to go back to a fifth-year civic class.I'll tell you what offends me... PENCE: Well, it offends me. 
Well, what he says there in fact, we're going to have inflation. 
We are now going to Mr. Perot for a two-minute question, and it will be asked by John Mashek. 
You didn't? 
We decimated Central Al-Qaida. 
Now it is absolutely true that we cannot simply meet these challenges militarily. 
That's the first point. 
So that's not where we should go. 
It's a bit pathetic that I have to do it -- and no one called me to come, I could mention it. 
And the vice-president didn't say much about it in your previous question, but Paul Bremer now made it clear that they didn't have enough troops and that they didn't have a plan. 
CARTER: Barbara, hesitant to say something critical about Governor Reagan, I will try to answer your question. 
Time's up, sir. 
It's so simple. 
I did really well. 
And you have two minutes to answer, without interruption. 
President, why don't you attend the services regularly, either by going to church, or by inviting a minister to the White House, as President Nixon did before, or someone at Camp David, as President Carter did before? 
He decides what he wants to talk about. 
I never want to impose my religion on anyone else. 
Oh, there's no doubt. 
The index of poverty - unemployment and inflation added together - was invented by the Democrats - went through the roof. 
This will cost more money, and growth will help us win this battle. 
And for this to happen, we need to strengthen our economy here at home. 
She was dancing on the streets of Chinatown in San Francisco. 
I also believe there is some merit in an amendment that Senator Everett Dirksen has very often proposed, an amendment that would change the court's decision with respect to voluntary prayer in public schools. 
I don't think there's anything this country can't do. 
I want to rebuild our army to keep peace. 
And someone wasn't used to your operation. 
We did it without any of our allies helping in the Gulf. 
We can't protect countries around the world... HOLT: We just... TRUMP: ...where they don't pay us what we need. 
You have to see what kind of leadership role this person played in his life before this crisis hit him. 
As a nuclear engineer myself, I know the limits and capabilities of atomic energy. 
My proposal provides $10,000 in hiring premiums for teachers who are -- who are certified to teach in areas where they are most needed. 
Don't forget, even Senator Dole's campaign co-chair here, Senator D'Amato, says he has to cut off health insurance to pay for it. 
Mondale, would you describe your religious beliefs and mention whether you consider yourself a Christian born again, and explain how these beliefs would affect your decisions as President? 
People are voting right now. 
The Americans are cured, working together. 
BUSH: Well, I think one thing that distinguishes is experience. 
I have to make this point, Jim. 
It's in spite of their opposition. 
I think people understand what she's saying. 
I do not yet understand why this administration and Mr Nixon are opposed to providing medical care to the elderly under social security to ensure their security. 
Governor Reagan has the last word on this issue. 
I didn't spend the last quarter of a century looking for personal wealth. 
Someone did it. 
Growth is just over 3 percent now. 
Now, in particular, one, on health insurance, it's not true that everyone knows how to fix it. 
But I think it's about his priorities. 
PAGE: 15 seconds and then we'll move on. 
But it is not the role of the public service to mandate that for everyone e. o let=s talk about abortion and choice. 
through the Urban Development Grant Program. 
And we were informed when he was put to the vote that if it were adopted, the President of the United States would veto him. 
I wasn't going to say that at all, but I can't help it. 
No, I appreciate it. 
I don't know how to do it. 
That was the goal. 
Builders and community leaders are ready. 
And what did we do in the late '40s, '50s and '60s? 
These are the honourable senator's words about his companion. 
We have the property at 15 years old. 
You said no one was perfect. 
It's our job to solve the problem. 
I owe you all, the people of this country. 
GOV DUKAKIS: 28 years ago, when a young man had just graduated from law school, I came to this city, I came across the country, to watch John Kennedy be appointed to the presidency of the United States, right here in Los Angeles. I never dreamed that one day I would win this nomination and be my party's presidential candidate. 
What's going on? 
And there was no demonstration. 
You will help prevent unwanted children, unwanted pregnancies. 
And it's important, Jim, not only because of Texas, but because it reflects the national controversy. 
And I think that's the push we're going to make. 
All run by democrats. 
I didn't hear a plan to fix social security. 
I think it's important that we train Colombians in this part of the world. 
TRUMP: At the moment, other countries are taking our jobs and taking our wealth. 
I remember in 1965, when Wilbur Mills of Arkansas, the president of Ways and Means, pushed him through Congress. 
And three days after the 1982 elections, they came to tell us that social security, as we know, is broken. 
that his own racing companion, George Bush, described as a voodoo economy, and said it would result in an inflation rate of 30%. 
It would be a violation of the rules. 
And that's a major difference that Governor Romney and I have. 
In challenging Governor Carter a little earlier, you said that if there were to be a surplus in the coming years, you thought he should be returned to people in the form of tax relief. 
However, there are no restrictions on the questions that my colleagues and I can ask tonight, and the candidates have no prior knowledge of our questions. 
So let's talk about abortion and choice. 
QUESTION : Oui, Lorraine. 
Over the next four years, I want to focus on the following. 
Really? 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Dole's next question. 
The tax deduction I mentioned earlier. 
I think there are a number of ways to do that. 
They're right. 
We're going to bring back law and order. 
You were asked before the invasion, or after the invasion, of Iraq if you had checked with your father. 
We need to have someone who can get up there and get the homes out and stop him, and that's what we're talking about in the Perot campaign. 
What message does that send to Iraqis? 
And Mr. President, it's good to be with you again. 
What is it? 
And I got it all figured out. 
And I know Donald is trying very hard to raise doubts about this, but I hope the people there understand: this election really depends on you. 
One of my most proud moments was the signing of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which says that the government must bow backwards before interfering with religious practice. 
Bob, let me answer it. 
Mr. WELKER: Let me put this last question in this section and then I would like to move on to our last section. 
OMAMA: Well, this is an area where Senator McCain and I have a fundamental difference because I think the first question is whether we should have gone to war first. 
It is a very important country for us. 
It will be a growing and closer relationship. 
He said that the economy of trickle-down was the voodoo economy; now he is the greatest practitioner. 
Is that a good economy? 
I want to make sure the public school system in America keeps its promise that no child will be left behind. 
I think Senator Dole would show more judgment and discretion than to describe a heroic, courageous and remarkable leader of the army. 
We kept control as if we had sovereignty. 
And that's what you'd be trying to do to get a successful release at last from these hostages. 
No, I'm right. 
And, in fact, after that, MP Lewis made a similar statement, saying that he probably crossed the line. 
They represent a completely different approach to the problems facing this country, both at home and abroad. 
The year he decided that we had lost our way was the year John F. Kennedy was running against Richard Nixon. 
Basically, however, 50 million U.S. taxpayers do not get any benefit from Gore's tax proposal, while, under the Bush Plan, all those who pay taxes will get tax relief. 
- It's okay, Donald. 
I believe in prayer. 
And so I just have a different approach. 
I think they noticed that, too. 
BUSH: Agricultural payments are falling because the agricultural economy is coming back. 
Ours is a great land, and one of the reasons why it is because we are free. 
So, please, it hasn't been dismantled. 
How do you keep him safe? 
My plan would spend $20 billion a year over the next four years on new investments in transportation, communications, environmental remediation and new technologies for the twenty-first century. 
On social security, it is not. 
As for energy and conservation savings, the American people did not do wrong. 
President, let him answer. 
In addition to that, we were afraid to compete with the Soviet Union on an equal footing. 
The best poverty reduction programme is decent employment in the private sector. 
And our allies were with us - the British, the French and the Italians. 
We have no legal right to inheritance, to visit when a partner is ill, to health care. 
They have taken over much of what should have been Ukraine. 
SMITH: The next question addressed to Vice-President Nixon by Mr. Vanocur. 
In the warm months, the fighting becomes very high. 
KAINE: I can't believe you didn't defend your own voting record. 
We must determine when our interests are at stake, not the interests of the United Nations. 
Mr. MOYERS: I would like to say at this stage that the candidates requested that the same questions be repeated, for the sake of accuracy, by the interrogator. 
I think that we should not go to the summit until there is reason to believe that a spirit meeting can be achieved either on Berlin, on outer space or on general disarmament, including nuclear testing. 
I've got her of Detroit. 
So if you were born here, but your parents don't have any documents, they want to eliminate that. 
In California, we earned $37 billion in eligible telecommunications equipment for export for the first time. 
5 billion contracts without authorization, the rule is that part of their money is supposed to be withheld when they are investigated, as they are now, for overloading the US taxpayer, but they receive every cent of their money. 
We have this incredible prosperity, but many people have been left behind. 
We are working hand in hand and we are gauntleting with the Turks, with the Jordanians, with the Saudis, and with all the people of the region who are trying to identify the people who deserve help so that when Assad goes - and there will go - there will be a legitimate government that will follow, not a government sponsored by Al-Qaida that will follow. 
Follow-up? 
We must win wars. 
And what they deserve over the next four weeks is that we talk about what is most pressing for them: the economic crisis. 
I think the more we depend on foreign oil, the less our national security is strengthened. 
The first is that we must have foresight and anticipate some of these problems. 
We can't keep spending and borrowing like that. 
I don't think it's fair to impose people's assets twice, regardless of your status. 
Two years ago, remember, it was John McCain who pushed so hard with the reform measures of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
And the kind of defense program that Mr. Carter wants will mean a weaker defence and a bad negotiating position. 
Both Guinea and Ghana have moved into the Soviet sphere of foreign policy, as well as Cuba. 
Let's talk about corporate tax. 
It's a very political thing because people like that would prefer to make it political rather than save lives. 
You suggested that there would be no Iranian crisis if you had been President, because we would have been more supportive of Shah. 
We just read on the first pages of American newspapers that there are more than 100,000 hours of unheard-of tapes. 
A Clinton is, that's what he says -- he says one thing one day and another the next -- you try to have both sides of the questions. 
And that's what we did. 
John and I voted for No Child Left Behind because we thought responsibility and standards were the right thing to do. 
We were not firm and strong. 
There's an abundance of coal in America. 
Where they want to demolish the buildings. 
And my vast immigration reform plan includes, of course, border security. 
Some of them have been excised, but the party dealing with political terrorism has continued. 
They were thrown out. 
Yes, very quickly. 
Return to the question, however. 
Governor Clinton. 
Look what they're doing. 
So, to answer your question, it takes a clear vision, a willingness to listen to our friends, and credibility for both friends and enemies to understand when America says something, we want it. 
What we're saying is that there's no change for someone 55 years of age or older. 
We need a President who will speed up the training of Iraqis, who will have more staff to do so. 
And the harshly repressed states right now can't all do that. 
And we're about to double our exports, one of the commitments I made when I was president. 
We cannot adjust spending to take care of the much needed programs, including taking care of our veterans, but I also mean once again a healthy economy with low taxes would not increase the taxes of anyone is probably the best recipe to end up having our economy recover. 
And the people who cross them know there's a job waiting for them if they finish it. 
I sat for eight years in the House of Representatives and served on the Intelligence Committee, which specializes in arms control. 
We have seen progress in recent years. 
We have now spent 65 years developing a hybrid system, partly private, partly public, and 85% of our people have health insurance, 15% do not. 
And abroad, we're at war. 
And we were going to visit my father's family in Chicago. 
Actually, it's not an empty promise. 
And to think that in this country, for three births, there is an abortion. 
Wasn't it George Bush who supported Mr. Meese? 
And that's why Joe Biden was incredibly transparent. 
It's a classic McCarthyite smear technique. 
I accept that. 
That's why I proposed a hydrogen car -- a hydrogen car. 
I don't agree with that. 
And you can't convert potato chips into planes in an emergency. 
Mr. Nixon, before the congress, you and Governor Rockefeller jointly said that the nation's economic growth should be accelerated, and the Republican platform says that the nation needs to accelerate the pace of economic growth. 
Say, "I made a terrible mistake." 
Good evening at Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. 
Now, my balanced budget plan adds ten years to the life of the ten-year Medicare Trust Fund. 
They say all Mexicans are bad. 
With the end of the Soviet Union, the implosion of the empire, which created a vacuum if you want, and made it easier for us to operate there. 
I vote against them, my friends. 
I hope we succeed. 
But it's become too much, and I just think we should do everything we can to respect the American family. 
Many of them are young and relatively inexperienced in national affairs. 
My compatriots, as I said at the very beginning of this debate, President Bush and I love this country very much. 
I'm against it. 
It was only the year of the elections, Mr. President, that you thought of quitting smoking. 
Governor Romney, two minutes. 
RADDATZ: Sometimes there are reasons why the military does it. 
And then when it was exposed, the vice president said when asked, "Well, why didn't he all tell someone? He said, "Because the president wanted people to stay calm. » 
Unfortunately, this has not been done. 
You become the target of racial profiling by walking or driving. 
And schools that are not chosen are improved -- competition does. 
The middle class needs tax relief. 
I want to see peace. 
What if he does? 
It's a beautiful land. 
But as president of the United States, when someone asks for forgiveness, you don't say any comment, period. 
But now we can, we should spend this budget now and put ten years on it right away, so no one has to worry about it. 
If you are elected Speaker, do you want to repeal Bill Brady and the prohibition of assault weapons? 
They were already having difficulties because of high gas prices. 
The Americans are hurting tonight in a way they don't have in our generation. 
And probably it would happen the other way around, too. 
The accommodation is off. 
Not spending more money as they say is not a reduction in spending. 
But there are a lot of people I admire in this country today. 
WALLACE: I'm talking about when it's usually available, not- 
And you know the only time it was invoked? 
Answer yes or no and comment on your answer, please. 
It causes high interest rates. 
Well, guys, the rules were set by both campaigns, we worked very hard on it. 
He has as many chances of going to college as a white student. 
I know these people and I know their families. 
In 1974, we experienced a so-called oil shock, in which OPEC's oil price was increased to an extraordinary degree. 
And it's unfortunate, it's a difficult area, no doubt about it. 
Thank you very much at the university, again. 
But we will defend the citizens of this country. 
Senator Obama has the most Liberal voting record in the United States Senate. 
They can't go too low, because there's not enough revenue, but President Clinton apologized to Houston for saying, whoops, I've raised your taxes and they're too high. 
But he's going to get another half a trillion dollars over the next five years that he can use for additional programs, or hopefully somewhere lower, in balancing the budget. 
Of course, we can balance the budget. 
GORE: He also said that he wanted to be the president of the environment; then he continued to say that he wanted to be the president of education. 
And this is partly related to an economic philosophy that says that regulation is always bad. 
Look at the tobacco industry. 
But on his very optimistic figures on his balanced budget tax reduction by 1983, and the fact that he uses, he says, the figures of the Senate Budget Committee, that the report of the Senate Budget Committee does not take into account all Reagan's defence plans. 
And he didn't answer. 
It is perhaps later Catholics who are threatened by a foreign country. 
The IAEA is involved. 
I think the marriage is between a man and a woman. 
Leave the president alone. 
It has increased by about 12 percent per year over a long period of time. 
Why I don't agree with the MX, it's a duck sitting. 
The drought has highlighted the problem we have, and therefore we must continue to do so, and in a George Bush administration you can bet that we will. 
And he said that the reason he changed his mind was, in part, because he was seeking the approval of the National Rifle Association. 
So the point is with nuclear energy, with wind, tide, solar, natural gas, with flexible fuel development, hybrid, clean coal technology, clean coal technology is the key in the heart of America that hurts enough. 
And Senator Obama says he's for nuclear, but he's against reprocessing and he's against storage. 
It is something, however, that I think, which indicates the need for the American people to know how their commander-in-chief, the president, feels and - and I think the only criticism I would have - about Mr Ford is that - immediately when the statement was re - revealed, - perhaps - a statement by the president would have been a clarification and a very beneficial thing. 
Your two minutes are up. 
I said, "You pay five times more for the beef we pay for our country - pay it in our country, six times more for rice. 
I'm thinking of Missy Johnson. 
They need more help. 
Almost all the places you can point at, unlike Mr. Mondale - I have to be careful - but contrary to his way of saying all bad. 
And, therefore, I do not feel -- and my minister knows and supports me in this position -- I do not feel that I have the right to go to church, knowing that my being there could cause something of the kind that we have seen in other places, such as Beirut. 
But the president was slow to do so, even in Russia. 
And -- and so the strength we have shown in Iran is demonstrated by the fact that we have been able to mobilize the world. 
And with my wife by my side, we followed a call to the public service, where we — we have tried — tried to keep faith with the values that we h.d. as regards when I struggle, I appreciate, and — and — I have a great deal of respect for Senator Kaine's sincere faith. 
Stress and subsidize here the modernization of facilities and equipment, not the relocation of facilities abroad. 
The President assumes constitutional responsibility, not the Secretary of State, for the conduct of foreign affairs. 
I think we need to be strong, and I'm gonna keep us strong. 
Thirdly, I believe that India is a major area of positive action on the part of the free world. 
I went there and talked to the President of Panama to clean up their money laundering, and Mr. Noriega was there, but there was no evidence at that time, and when the evidence was there, we charged him. 
It's happening night and day. 
Have things improved? 
He managed to overcome partisan lines and unite Republicans, Democrats and independents and put them at work to achieve good things for the state of Texas. 
We, I think, are the only developed nation in the world that does not have a global energy policy, to allow us to plan in an orderly way how to move from increasing the rare forms of energy, oil, and have research and development focused on the increased use of coal, which I strongly support. 
I was very disappointed by the fact that the GAO published this report because I think it was interfering with partisan political ideas at the present time. 
He is free to ask any question he chooses. 
You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. 
Yes, we want to change, but we are the change. 
They add to this another enormous obligation that future generations will have to pay. 
I also want to see more companies making profit sharing. 
And I was surprised by the magnitude of that. 
I want to thank the University of Miami for welcoming us. 
You know that because Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare, was said — he said it was a great lie, it was a great lie. 
MCCAIN: I mean, with the Nunn-Lugar thing... LEHRER: Excuse me, senator. 
First, let me get this straight. 
Well, we didn't. 
It doesn't limit people's freedom. 
I want to fill the gaps that allow businesses to deduct expenses when they move to China; that allow them to enjoy off the coast and not have to be taxed, so they have tax advantages off the coast. 
OBAMA: We then organized the strongest coalition and the strongest sanctions against Iran in history, and this paralyzes their economy. 
And in this regard, given your limited experience in foreign affairs, and the fact that you are proud to be a foreigner in Washington, do you not think it would be appropriate to tell American voters before the election that you would like to hold key positions, such as the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defence, National Security Advisor in the White House? 
In Texas, you might have unlimited absences to go to cattle shows. 
As governor, I was the first governor to form a sub-cabinet on climate change to begin managing impacts. 
In fact, they attack the Medicare trust fund to pay, well, their tax cuts and other programs they can't afford because they spent so much on tax cuts. 
See, you tell the enemy everything you want to do. 
Now, stress it, well, we're putting a few over. We will give a better prescription program. 
We are now going to our last round. 
I think we are -- you know, when I was -- I led a civilization for several years, a civilization of 3 to 4 hundred wonderful men. 
Does that mean you? 
There you go, sorry. 
Mr. Nelson, your question next to President Ford. 
But let me tell you exactly what my plan is doing. 
I think that Mr.Novins was not referring to Senator Kennedy's speeches, but to the democratic platform, which referred to the reduction of national debt. 
I've got Ohio. 
The people who fly in the planes today, the cargo hold is not radiographed, but the luggage is. 
The candidates are Vice-President George Bush, the Republican candidate; Governor Michael Dukakis, the democratic candidate. 
And I believe that if we can take advantage of the enormous untapped reservoir of innate force in this country, that we can once again have a government as good as our people, and let the world know what we know and hope for - that we still live in the greatest, strongest and best country on earth. 
So when Senator McCain proposes a tax reduction of $300 billion, a continuation not only of Bush's tax cuts, but also of an additional $200 billion that he will give to large corporations, including large oil companies, for a value of $4 billion, is money outside the system. 
Of course, I'm ready to do it. 
But let's start with Somalia, where they dragged Americans into the streets, and where 18 Americans were killed one day, because they didn't have, they were stuck for eight hours, the rangers. 
They used to come in and fine someone if they didn't have a poster on the wall informing employees of their rights. To make an example of our new approach, now if they enter and see that the poster is not there, they go out into the trunk of the car and give them a poster. This is the same approach we are taking in all regulators. 
All right, Vice President Biden. 
You have pushed back a number of Obama Environnement records, what do you think of the science of climate change, and what will you do in the next four years to deal with it? 
I would now like to move on to our next segment. 
He said he was for... you're now for the capping of punitive damages? 
But let me help you with the difference, Mrs Ferraro, between Iran and the embassy in Lebanon. 
Both campaigns accepted these rules. 
And I'm proud to have been part of an administration that did exactly that. 
All over the world, we see problems that people want to solve because they love their children. 
It would have been a larger war, which the United States of America might have had to come back to. 
I think these assault weapons are a problem. 
Lester, how much? 
I think you know because you covered these issues, that there is no way we can build all the weapons that the Vice-President says he wants to build in the defence budget. 
I guess the president and you and I are three examples of lucky people who got married. 
Soyons prudents. 
Therefore, the Treaty does not call on the United States to defend anything, with the exception of Formosa and the Pescadores, and to deal with acts directed against that area of the Treaty. 
We still have 1,000 border police officers on the southern border. 
Because it's God's will, no matter what. 
And what would you do about it? 
I am going with the favored nations, which no president has the courage to do because you are against the great pharmaceutical. 
But we must be fair. 
Creating millions of well-paying jobs. 
And if Russia chooses to be involved and continue, I must say, to be involved in this barbaric attack on civilians in Aleppo, the United States of America should be prepared to use military force to hit military targets of the Assad regime in order to prevent them from this humanitarian crisis that is taking place in a wide range of other things that we should also do. 
And I swore something because I learned something from Vietnam. 
A rather hard speech in the middle of a campaign or in a presidential debate cannot hide a record of 30 years of being on the wrong side of defence issues. 
I spoke briefly to a man who asked me a simple question: "Do I have any reason to hope to be able to care for my family one day? 
The reality is that the best defence is a good offense, which means to lead - America, returning to its proud tradition of the last 75 years, to lead once again strong coalitions so that we can go to those terrorist cells where they are, before they can harm us and the American people. 
We were discouraged and alienated. 
But the thing that is right about the United States, it must be stressed, is that fewer people go to bed hungry in the United States than in any big country in the world. 
There are guys who couldn't get a third job in a Dairy Queen, drive BMW and Mercedes, sell drugs. 
Do you believe, sir, that events like this contribute to the country's sense that there may be something wrong with Washington, and I'm not just talking about the executive, but about the whole government? 
To lead, you must first use the White House as a chair and leader; then you must develop a consensus or you can't do anything, and that's where we are now. 
President Kennedy once said in response to similar arguments: "We are tall, but we can be taller." 
When I first heard about it, I literally said, "You mean $750,000?" 
The catalyst for this housing crisis was Fannie and Freddie Mae, which caused a subprime loan situation that has now caused the collapse of the housing market in America. 
Our law enforcement agencies must have all the tools they need to find and disrupt terrorists at home and abroad before they hurt us again. 
WALLACE: ... if you were to be elected president focuses heavily on the great government, the big taxes, the big expenses. 
Benefits were not affected at all. 
But so far, you will not tell the American people to a considerable extent what advice you have given to the President, including the sale of arms to Iran and what should have been done about the hostages. 
The Vice-President is complacent, thinks that we should stick to the status quo, do not think that we should move forward, thinking that things are fine as they are. 
We can be one more time. 
And the worst... TRUMP: No, they were teasing us. 
So paid for family leave, earned sick days. 
Mr. GORE: -- the question. 
And I think it's a good idea, has strong bipartite support. 
It is not enough to compare what could have been done eight years ago, or ten years ago, or fifteen years ago, or twenty years ago. 
We can reach net zero in terms of energy production by 2035. 
Under my tax plan, which he continues to criticize, I have established a third party. 
Don't you realize we have a hate crime law? 
You have nowhere to sleep. 
MASHEK: Governor, the Vice-President constantly refers to your lack of experience, weakness, naivety in foreign policy and national security. 
It's not reasonable in America to leave Watts, South Central and East L.A. 
Had it not been for us, Saddam Hussein would be sitting on three-fifths of the world's oil supply and he would have nuclear weapons. 
Let me address this issue, but also talk about the weapons that the President has just spoken of, because each part of the President's answer has just promised you more of the same over the next four years. 
When I look at these programs, we've all had tragedies in our lives. 
We had a war when we came to power in 1953. 
If I were to decide in the future to discuss my deep Christian beliefs and condemnation and sin, I would use another forum other than Playboy. 
And it's his file, and it's a matter of his file. 
It will close the country if a person in our, in our massive bureaucracy says we should close it. 
I wanted them to move forward. 
Because of the President's decision today, law enforcement officials will enter a place that will be more dangerous. 
There is no way you can be strong militarily and have this kind of reduction in our military appropriation. 
You pointed out that the Gulf War coalition in 1991 was much stronger than that. 
My question is, since you supported it... TRUMP: Just — do you want to hear... HOLT: ... why is your — why is your judgment... TRUMP: Wait a minute. 
In 1973, when there was an oil embargo, Iran did not participate. 
Of course. 
I understand how hard it is. 
GORE: -- the trickle-down economy for 12 years now, and you still support the trickle-down until the very last drop. 
Senator Dole. 
It's not a big diversion. 
We are a family of four generations. 
So it's from the people. 
Of course, my views are a little different. 
When I was a little younger than the deputy, my wife was in an accident, killed my daughter and wife, and my two sons survived. 
But I do not believe in these times of change and revolution that this administration has known that the world is changing - it has identified itself with this change. 
[sic] FERRARO: I think first of all that you need to take a look at the current situation. 
He'd borrow up to $3 trillion. 
The timeline I set -- and again, I want to correct the president, because he made another mistake tonight about what I said. 
QUAYLE: The answer is very simple: we are not going to raise taxes to create new jobs, we have a plan to create new jobs. 
It's over. 
They don't just want Quemoy and Matsu; they don't just want Formosa; they want the world. 
They don't want this arms race. 
The bill introduced and sponsored by Senator Douglas was much more effective in attempting to stimulate the economy of these regions. 
That's what Ross Perot is complaining about. 
Why didn't we? 
The mission is to fight and win the war and thus prevent the war from occurring in the first place. 
I went for a tax increase and when I make a mistake, I admit it. 
The last question tonight, before your final statements, starting with you, Senator Biden. 
We have differences on how to reach them. 
Secondly, I said that I will not support reductions in social security and health insurance and the rest that the President has proposed. 
All right, let's go. 
Thank you, Governor. 
But your rate is dropping and the burden is also on you for one more reason, and it is any middle-income taxpayer who will no longer pay tax on interest, dividends or capital gains. 
He doesn't give people enough time to enjoy their family. 
Second, 97 per cent of U.S. small businesses pay less -- they earn less than $250,000. 
Putting ideas on the table, working with the Democrats -- sometimes it works -- and then... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: Vice-President, can we do this -- to the question of what you could bring as a man, as a human being? 
It's a big difference. 
I would certainly be as wise in assessing any potential use of American troops abroad. 
I don't think that's the answer. 
I prefer not to criticize the two candidates. 
And I know Joe feels the same way. 
He didn't set a schedule. 
We have to do something. 
Therefore, the actual user of health care is not the purchaser of health care. 
Mondale, is it possible that the vast majority of Americans who seem to be prosperous have lost their interest in the types of programs you are talking about to help those who are less privileged than them? 
My plan also says we need a new approach in Washington, D.C. 
No, I'm a gentleman, Hillary. 
That's how it happens all over America. 
We know they didn't, and we know they can't. 
It can be an engine that drives us into the future in the same way as the computer has been the engine of economic growth over the past two decades. 
Governor Pence made this strange statement, he said, without a doubt, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama. 
We will never be exploited and exploited again by those who manage our money and lend us these dollars. 
Secretary Clinton, this answer is yours. 
Yes, I feel as strong as anyone else about preserving the environment. 
In all frankness, what is being done by this administration is an Americanization of a regional conflict. 
He didn't pay the bills, and he didn't do the paperwork at work. 
The main objective is almost achieved. 
But I will never fail to protect the United States of America. 
Because there's no way you can finance what you want to spend. 
Your time's up, too. 
But again, we have a big difference in child care, for example. 
It's going to be a test of our nerve and our will. 
He said much worse about Bob Dole when he said Bob Dole had never met a tax he hadn't raised. 
CLINTON: Gene, there is a problem in that there are problem banks, and on December 19, new regulations will come into force, which will in fact give the government the responsibility to close some banks that are not technically insolvent but are clearly in difficulty. 
Mr. Bush made that accusation. 
China should solve this problem for us. 
And you know, I caught him. 
And their aggression in Georgia is not acceptable behaviour. 
But here, you cut off the drug tsar's office 83 percent. 
They said, "It's a speech, we can't estimate the speeches." 
Since you last met in Ole Miss 12 days ago, the world has changed a lot, and not for the better. 
SIMPSON: I think it means more of the recession -- the economic problems the country is facing today than the deficit. 
GORE: I talked about our positive agenda for the future a moment ago. 
It's a bad tax. 
It's not America. 
Have you misjudged him or are you -- do you think that what he does in the name of anti-terrorism by modifying certain democratic processes is correct? 
We succeeded in Portugal, where a year ago there seemed to be a very great possibility that the Communists would take over in Portugal. It didn't happen. 
If I can, with that question. 
And then he wants to repeal indexation, to erase the only protection that those at the lowest end of the economic scale have to protect them from moving to higher tax brackets. 
All these things will make a difference, so the point is the commitments I made, I kept. 
The question I have, however, is like the Democratic candidate, and earlier this evening you said that you are the Democratic Party right now, have you ever called the Democratic Mayor of Portland or the Democratic Governor of Oregon and said, "Hey, you have to stop that, bring the National Guard, do whatever it takes, but you have stopped the days and months of violence in Portland. 
It's to make sure our troops are well housed and well equipped. 
I'd like to change that. 
But this was a significant change from administrative jobs to service delivery. 
And that means you're not imposing these devastating cuts on our military. 
With this in mind, the first main question. 
I care about people. 
Mr. Mondale, on the other hand, has an idea. 
I went there. 
With all due respect to this administration, they have a dismayed foreign policy. 
Let's go back to Saddam Hussein. 
You don't have it in your blood. 
There's a man in this audience named Hugo Berlanga. 
IFILL: Senator, you have a whole file, that's the next question, to be an interventionist. 
And the way we do it is $2.50 for each cup, we ask for $1 more, paid, as I mentioned earlier, by asking those of us who have done very well in this country to contribute a little more to reduce the deficit. 
He called the slob women, the pigs, the dogs, disgusting. 
In 17 he implodes for himself. 
Is that a problem? 
They need help now. 
The main threat is external and will continue. 
Every life is precious. 
I know the oil companies are looking forward to doing this, but this is not the right thing for the future. 
Their method of fixing is to return to the Congress for more and more money, more and more money. 
One of the reasons why family farmers are forced to sell early is because of the death tax. 
I have one last question for you two tonight. 
And the reality is that we are talking about elections in 27 days when last week, the President of the United States took a stage of debate in front of 70 million Americans and refused to condemn the white suprematists. 
We need an active reserve of one million men who could be called immediately, and who would also be trained, ready to use this type of equipment. 
Donald says he knows more about ISIS than the generals. 
So just to end up at the border... WALLACE: Yes? 
They said joining a gang is like joining a family. 
And I offered it. 
There is no litmus test except the way they interpret the Constitution. 
If the president had shown the patience to go through another round of resolution, to sit with these leaders, say, "What do you need, what do you need now, how long will it take to get you to join us?" We'd be in a stronger place today. 
Everywhere I go on the country track, I see moms and dads whose son or daughter can wear the uniform and they tell me how discouraged their son or daughter can be. 
This man is an African-American savior? 
We may wish to go to the United Nations Security Council and call for even more severe sanctions if they fail to comply with their obligations under the first International Atomic Energy Agency Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. 
You probably weren't there to vote for it. 
No discrimination in America. 
The questions and topics were chosen by me alone. 
What he did in Moscow is good. 
We should export technology by investing in clean coal technology. 
And now, Osama bin Laden could be in jail or dead. 
Show us if they learn to read, write, add and subtract and if there are bonus plans. 
If so, what action would you take? 
And, Hillary, I just want to ask you this. 
We are ahead of us in this competition, as Senator Kennedy has suggested, I believe. 
He spends more money on tax cuts for the richest 1% than all of his new spending proposals for health care, prescription drugs, education and national defence all combined. 
I think that goes with global leadership, and I think the levels we've achieved are pretty fair. 
It is a matter of character and judgment. 
What they'll say about us in 100 years depends on how we keep our date with fate. 
We understand that fiscal balance, keeping America out of debt, is a way to keep interest rates down and the economy growing. 
It's an axe, and then I take out a scalpel, okay? 
People want it, they say it's gonna suck. 
I would also like to point out that senators like Henry Jackson and Hollings of South Carolina - they are taking the lead in the fight against this particular treaty. 
It's just a factual mistake. 
With respect to community colleges, we are implementing programs, including with the Nassau Community College, to train workers, including youth who may have dropped out of school but now have another chance to train them for the jobs that currently exist. 
I can't point out how much. 
But what would your administration do to try to resolve this conflict? 
And we've seen record forest fires in the West. 
Peace in the country - peace abroad - prosperity - opportunity. 
KERRY: Well, I think that the fact that they are confronted with these repeated calls, some of them two and three deployments, and there is a policy of stop-loss that prevents people from going out when their time was up, is a reflection of the bad judgment that this president exercised in the way he engaged in the world and deployed our forces. 
And the person to whom they gave was someone whose office was charged with investigating Trump y. s. is the difference between a foundation that does good work and a secretary of state who acted in accordance with the American interest and someone who is in conflict and who does work around the world and who did not share with the American public what he does and what these conflicts are. 
People in Washington are good people; we just have a bad system. 
And I supported the biggest salary increase in several years, and I support another one now. 
They make a difference. 
OBAMA: I support charter schools and pay for teacher performance. 
Merci, Judy. 
HEARING: This is for Governor Clinton. 
TRUMP: Excuse me, he's been here for 47 years — he hasn't. 
I'll talk to you about health care, Mr. Vice President. 
It's budget neutral. 
I want an education system that sets high standards, local control of schools and a strong responsibility. 
We know what the problems are, my friends, and we know what the solutions are. 
TRUMP: ... for weeks — I've read about Mosul for weeks, that it's the port from where — you know, between Raqqa and Mosul, that's where they think ISIS leaders are. 
I commend those who are involved in the political process. 
Mondale, the Carter-Mondale administration also failed to balance the budget in its four years of existence, despite the fact that President Carter promised a balanced budget during his term of office. 
I have to protect them. 
Your proposal excluded small businesses. 
PAGE: Thank you, Senator Harris – 
I would like to ask my question about the number of federal employees - whether you really intend to reduce the overall number - or - or simply put them in different departments and relabel them. 
Until about five months ago, the Japanese economy was in deep recession. 
It's a check. 
If we can pass this on to the people of these countries, in this decade of the 1960s, the struggle for freedom will be won. 
I asked, and they agreed, to remain silent for the next 90 minutes. 
He refused to do it. 
Mr. Anderson, you have the last three minutes. 
They wouldn't, and now everyone knows the terrible price they're paying until it's obvious to the dead brain that they're having problems. 
Good evening to Veale Center at Case Western Reserve University, here in Cleveland, Ohio. 
Hon.LeHRER: We're going to go to a new one... (CROSSTALK) MCCAIN: And Senator Obama is analyzing the words when he says that the precondition is preparation. 
OBAMA: Well, Warren would be a very good choice -- Warren Buffett, and I'm happy to have his support. 
Your husband's income tax return showed that we benefited because he paid the mortgage and property tax on your house. 
President Ford and Governor Carter have no notes or remarks prepared with them tonight. 
Look at him. 
We think we can generate at least 6%. 
Why don't we want to eliminate this? 
And the average citizen here works hard every day. 
And I hope that would mean that you would say that we are going to vote for Mike Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen. 
The president said he would disappear overnight because of some reason. 
In the Oval Office, you can't predict what kind of crisis will arise. 
But to do this, they need a leader who stands up and fights for them for a good education, the best education in the world. 
What would you do personally? 
They're going to start new businesses. 
Mr. WALLACE: We now have about 10 minutes for an open discussion. 
And -- and it's not a good strategy for us to move forward. 
Because there's a huge pool, we can lower costs. 
Mr. Wieghart. 
I think that's the wrong thing. 
I also think that a lot of merit goes to some great men like Yitzak Rabin. 
We need to work with Nigeria. 
We can't leave a failed Iraq. 
WALLACE: But what I'm asking you, sir, is that you wanted to see the court overthrow -- you just said you wanted to see the court protect the second amendment. 
Solar. 
How can we, as a free society, turn people into enemies or opponents of the US government? OSHA does it, EPA does it, ERDA does it. 
What is right is that all those who pay taxes should receive relief. 
I had some arguments with him about the speed in which we could have lowered interest rates, but Governor Clinton, he's talking about market reaction. 
Congressman Ryan? 
It forces us to think in new ways about strategy, national security, how we structure our forces, and how we use US military power. 
But the others don't. 
I'm not going to go there and try to throw the Massachusetts mud off the beaches of New Jersey. 
The fact is that the troops wouldn't have what they have today if you had had your way. 
What is the Israeli people supposed to do? 
I'm sorry. 
He was a prosecutor, putting people behind bars to protect the neighborhoods from crime. 
I think we need to be flexible and I think the FDA is trying to do this now by trying to make it possible to make available new experimental drugs for people at risk of AIDS, and I hope that we can put this kind of policy in place from January onwards. 
And in doing so, at the same time, we built a new human race called an American - a proud, an independent, and a most compassionate individual, for the most part. 
The audience here in the room has promised to remain very polite, no applause, no whipping, except right now, as we welcome Governor Palin and Senator Biden. 
And the reality is that they're not just rich people -- you mentioned Donald Trump. 
Governor Palin, you can answer. 
Now we're going to bring in three more journalists to ask questions. 
I will repeat that Joe Biden has been very clear that he is thinking about job growth, which is why he will not increase taxes for anyone who earns less than $400,000 a year. 
We have seen progress and gains in schools that have had a terrible time. 
It takes billions of dollars to manage. 
I hope I can win your vote on November 8. 
If the money does not come to pay for these programs, we will reduce other government spending or we will slow down the gradual introduction of programs. 
It's called America 2000. 
We want freedom. 
Education is how to ensure that we have a productive and competitive workforce. 
I do not agree with both here on this point. 
As Vice-Chair, I am the Speaker of the Senate, the Speaker. I am in the Senate almost every Tuesday when they are in session. The first time I met you was when you walked on stage tonight. 
This administration revolved around the decline in spending that began in the mid-1980s and just through the Bush-Cheney administration and the early years of the Clinton administration, but now thatâ€TM has stopped. 
Now I know that it was called inflationist by my opponent and by the man who is not here tonight. 
I mentioned Governor Reagan's radical departure from the principles or ideals of his own party's historical perspective. 
They must be tight. 
But I'm not going to reduce the share of taxes paid by high-income people. 
And look at the states that have such a tip in the coronavirus. 
I am thinking of the man who grabbed me by the shoulder once with tears in his eyes and said that his daughter died of cancer and he thanked me for giving her a chance to spend time with her without losing her job because of the Family and Medical Leave Act. 
Each of these jobs would have cost taxpayers $25,000. 
No wonder you've been fighting ISIS for the rest of your adult life. 
I do not want the federal government to make decisions on behalf of everyone. 
This bill -- there is another bill that died in committee. 
I voted against. 
I'm talking about a national mood. 
But it is the same law - it is the same law - that allows you to invite lobbyists at high prices to Williamsburg. 
So I'm for continuous research, but I also want strong conventional forces. 
You must be hard and smart. 
We must restore trust between the communities and the police. 
We are the best fed; we are the best dressed, with a better distribution of the world's goods to all our peoples than any people in history. 
Even if a vaccine is rapidly released, the next administration will have to face difficult choices. 
This next question comes from the public through the online forum of the Bipartite Coalition for an Open Debate, where the Americans submitted questions that generated millions of votes. 
Sometimes it seems misleading to continue with old habits even when they are no longer good for us. 
You can go with your closing statement. 
And Assad -- excuse me, Kofi Annan came and said we're going to try to get a ceasefire. 
If there's anything going to change America, it'll grow the economy. 
That's my file. 
Los Angeles, after the riots, didn't even get a zone of empowerment, believe it or not. 
We want to put an end to these conflicts as far as possible. 
We expect a smaller deficit in the 1978 financial year. 
We're not going to leave unilaterally. 
We are a nation that loves freedom and if we are an arrogant nation, they will see us that way, but if we are a humble nation, they will respect us. 
And, thank God, I know what the joys of living in America are. 
This is the choice you will have, it is that your employer no longer provides you with health care. 
So I'm not going to take care of men like Willie Horton, and I'm going to meet their victims, the victims of her last getaway, the rape and brutality of the family there in Maryland. 
Mais ce sera... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ... 
I didn't spend the time with him - I just gave him my tax information and he did. 
When you led the Chair's working group on regulatory relief, you urged the EPA to relax the regulation for the elimination of lead from gasoline. 
But in particular, the hearts of America today are with Kayla Mueller's family, whose parents are here with us tonight in Salt Lake City. 
But when these huge deficits came into effect in 1981, what is known as real interest rates... 
But you don't have a plan. 
The Secretary of State appeared in the years in which he served as Secretary before eighty different hearings in the House and Senate. 
I decided I was stupid and I didn't understand it, so I called a "Who is who" of the people who were around him, and I said why not everyone goes south; they said it will be disruptive; I said it for how long. 
If the Trump administration approves a vaccine, before or after the elections, should the Americans take it and take it? 
Our government is smaller and less bureaucratic and has given more authority to states than its two predecessors under Republican presidents. 
You proposed to fix it by letting people put some of the money collected to pay for benefits in private savings accounts. 
Congressman Ferraro, you and Mr. 
I mean, this guy's too much. 
We need to be much more strategic if we are to be able to meet all the challenges we face. 
It's really remarkable to think, Susan – 
There are differences... TRUMP: Secretary, is it President Obama's fault? 
- Don't ask yourself that question. 
TRUMP: Well, you're right about Islamophobia, and it's a shame. 
Finally, I believe that you supported the President's veto on the Water Quality Act. 
That is why I say that in this period of the 1960s America must move forward in all areas. 
More about it later. 
For me, I'm looking at what's happened in the last four years and I'm saying it's a disappointment. 
But please talk about the military aspect. 
With regard to a platform on the Supreme Court, I can only say one thing about it. 
And every health care economist who examines it says that over time, what will happen is that the traditional health insurance system will collapse. 
You couldn't even have been a cardiologist because he had quotas. 
I think that's why we need to send the Senate maverick and put it in the White House, and I'm happy to join him there. 
This is one of those agreements where, to be popular in Europe's corridors, we sign a treaty. 
Do you have (inaudible) federal personal income tax? 
Chinese communists have progressed over the last ten years. 
Health insurance is paid by the U.S. taxpayer. 
I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to the President of the Bernanke Federal Reserve, and told them that this is something we have to deal with, and no one has done anything about it. 
FERRARO: First of all, let me say that I am almost angry, Vice-President Bush, with your attitude of condescending that you must teach me about foreign policy. 
That's number one. 
Your answer to that? 
I am talking about resuming the treaty and resuming the negotiations. 
Deficiencies in billions of dollars over the past four years. 
And we better be very careful. 
Overall, it should be local -- the more local, the better. 
They are more - and if we ever have to act, unlike when we took up our duties, we will have the world behind us, and that counts. 
And the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal, who's her friend and not a good guy, by the way. 
You would support this bill. 
That wasn't my test. 
I think I count on them to look at the ballot papers, certainly. 
I think the communists have been in motion with vigour - Laos, Africa, Cuba - all over the world today they are on the move. 
I also have a better temperament than her, you know? 
Gramm-Rudman targets worked. 
Number two, if you don't have health insurance, we're basically setting up a group plan that allows you to benefit from group rates that are usually 18 percent lower than if you're out there trying to get insurance on the individual market. 
CLINTON: The only thing I would like to say about this is that on the economy, Mr. Bush said for a long time that there was no recession, and then said that it was better not to do anything but to have an effort to compromise with Congress. 
We need to speed up the drug approval process. 
I would also say that by accusing the Speaker of his veto power of the inability of the senator and his colleagues to take action during this special session, uh - the mark is missing. 
Because you have nothing to say. 
When I was Secretary of State, we actually increased U.S. exports by 30 percent around the world. 
CLINTON: Not — well, we returned 35,000, so... TRUMP: Oh, yes. 
I am not satisfied when many of our teachers are poorly paid, or when our children go to school on a part-time basis. 
That's not the case. 
This administration may say that they have a plan, but the truth is that they have not even released all the money, the insignificant sum of money, that Congress has appropriated. 
And we hope and pray that it will remain so. 
It's hard to go from a place where people cut their hands, or are executed, to a place where people are free. 
Nixon would add a guarantee to the islands five miles from the coast of the Republic of China when he never really protested against the Communists taking over Cuba, 90 miles from the coast of the United States. 
Weâ€TMs had eight years of conversation but no action. 
We will also have to work with the Karzai government, and when I met with President Karzai, I made it very clear: "You will have to do better by your people so that we can get the necessary popular support. » 
We cannot expect large and small entrepreneurs and businesses to take their life savings or their business money and invest in America if they think we are going to Greece. 
We have seen a reduction of our forces far beyond what was justified by the end of the cold war. 
Yes, ma'am. 
I just gave $28 billion. 
These programs represent an unprecedented opportunity for applicants to present their philosophies and programs directly to people and people to compare them with candidates. 
But it was something you're looking at Bill Clinton, much worse. 
That would be my preference. 
In fact, people who wouldn't necessarily be on my side said that, - President Trump did a phenomenal job.- We did it. 
I'm so proud of her.I'll just say this: We trust Hillary Clinton, my wife and I, and we trust her with the most important thing in our lives. 
Fifteen million new jobs? 
It seems that every Vice-President debate I hear about this kind of thing on the panels. 
And I agree with a lot of other things the governor said. 
But ultimately, Syrians will have to determine their own future. 
We had a deficit of $800 billion. 
And maybe that's another thing we can depoliticize. 
We came here to love this nation, to serve it, and it served all our most generous dreams. 
And that's the kind of America I want to build. 
Now, if Gaza is used as a platform to attack the Israeli people, it must be stopped. 
I wish we could spend an hour talking about trusting people. 
The powers of the Investigation Committee are limited. 
GORE: Of course, we consulted our allies before bombing Saddam Hussein, but sometimes the United States has to take unilateral action when our interests are at stake. 
Mr Nelson, your question to President Ford. 
Honestly, senator, we would know much more if Hillary Clinton only returned the 33,000 emails... WHO: All right, let us go back to North Korea... PENCE: ...that she refused to return to her private server... WHO: Senator Kaine... PENCE: ...and we would have a better picture of what the Clinton Foundation was doing. 
In addition to that, we are doing some of the things I think I need to do to the extent that we are doing better procurement work, especially when we are talking about some of our military things that we should buy. 
The facts are that you now have a government coming over you. 
We believe in support, without compromising Israel's security in any way, because they are our only strategic ally in the region, they are the only democracy in the region and our relations with them have never been better. 
I'm gonna call him Niagara Falls. 
When you give us access, we will give you access." It is very difficult to enter the Japanese market, as everyone knows. 
I believe that we must live up to our commitment to Formosa. 
It was the right decision. 
But I don't think we need these other systems. 
No matter where you put it. 
Joe Biden, on the other hand, on this same scene of debate – because clearly Donald Trump doesn't think he can run on a record because it's a failed record – Joe Biden on this scene, said, "Hey, please vote. 
You even called drilling -- safe and environmentally friendly offshore drilling as violating the outer continental shelf. 
Nothing will ever be at the forefront of NAFTA. 
If you look at New York where he's going, like nobody's ever seen anything. 
You've been vice-president, with Obama as president, your leader, for eight years. 
When? 
Mr WELKER: Let's talk about — 
And that's because we're doing exactly what we should do to try to promote a moderate Syrian leadership and -- an effective transition to get Assad out. 
So we can change the way our culture works to help get people out of violence and give them opportunities, and bring them into the American system. 
And it reminds me that it is vital for us not to confuse war, never, with warriors. 
And Republicans and Democrats both love America. 
OBAMA: Senator McCain, it was the guy who sang, "Bomb, bomb, bomb Iran," who called for the destruction of North Korea. 
GIBSON: We'll have another question about Iraq. 
It's at the top of my agenda. 
Dukakis speaks Spanish too. 
I want every family to have a $5,000 refundable tax credit so they can buy their own health care. 
Exactly the state of readiness that Dick Cheney is talking about. 
Mine are words, and his was action. 
It will change when I become President, but we cannot change it if we do not fundamentally change the foreign policy of Senator McCain and George Bush. 
I believe in our parks. 
We will have a bigger deficit than the federal government does if we do not control this here for too long. 
There's only three left. 
And do you think there is systemic racism in this country, sir? 
GORE: Family leave is important enough to be required. 
I think these are bad priorities. 
Let's look at the agendas. 
But that's the point he misses. 
And I could add, in the first year of their commitment, that they did not achieve what they had promised. 
What did the governor of Massachusetts do about it? Almost nothing. 
And if we move, we can put this country back on the path of fiscal responsibility. 
And even if, as the economy has grown over the last eight years, American women have increased with it and received more income, until women receive the same amount of pay for the same work as a man, we have not achieved true equality in this country. 
We won the Cold War because we invested and moved forward. 
I think there's a big difference between the Iranian government threatening our diplomatic staff, and there's a government you can see and get your hands on. 
That is why we have invested in solar, wind and biofuels, energy efficient cars. 
The government always needs the money it receives. 
I supported the president. 
We're all gonna calm down a little bit here. 
The first thing we have to do is get you a job. 
A little word about our procedure tonight. 
And over time, if the traditional health insurance has deteriorated or collapsed, then they're stuck. 
FORD: We believe that with the programs I have recommended, the additional tax reduction of $10 billion, with moderate increases in quality of life, we can still have a balanced budget that I will submit to Congress in January 1978. 
The proof is that we have gone from 32 million on food stamps to 47 million on food stamps. 
But, in fact, over the past four years, more weapons have been built, a larger and stronger arms race than in human history. 
Mr. Reagan, have approved the participation of fundamentalist churches in your campaign. 
Similarly, we are trying to talk to them, and we are talking to them in Vienna about the reduction of conventional forces. 
First, I have mandatory tests. 
You know Joe and I were raised the same way. 
But if it had been done, it is possible that we could have avoided the question. 
I don't think that means you're soft on drugs. 
So I think we prove that we can move forward with conservation and take advantage of it. 
Our general economy, our national economy, our dominant economy is democratic, based on incentives, a small "d" Al, it is capitalism and incentives to work, savings, investment and production, as well as the families and things that really lead to progress on this scale that we call "The American Dream", but that is what is truly universal. 
The audience here in the room agreed to be polite and attentive -- no encouragement, no screams or explosions of any kind. 
And what kind of small business do you have? 
And this guy, actually. 
The last thing America needs is to enter another land war in the Middle East, requiring tens of thousands, if not more than 100,000 American forces. 
CLINTON: ..... 
In fact, Mr. Ford made a political football on the defence budget. 
It's time to change. 
If you didn't know, you have someone who says that, it's me. 
SIMPSON: We have very little time left and it seems to me that we have spoken all this time and that there has been no question about some of the racial and ethnic tensions in America. 
And especially on this issue of abortions at the partial birth term. 
Because we have — we have a president who can't sit around a table and get them approved. 
I send them there, often in the way of evil. 
We'll only train in the military bases that exist there. 
Yes, of course. 
When Barack Obama was elected, his party controlled everything. 
Secondly, I would say that we are not going to impose these devastating cuts on our military personnel who are undermining their mission and safety. 
In Texas, there are families who worry that the plants near them make them sick. 
Mr Vice-President, I do not think that the country can take four more years of this kind of experience. 
This is absolutely absurd. 
And I'm doing this because it's the kind of clarity of leadership, and these decisions aren't always popular. 
I know there are those who want to hand everything over to the government. 
For the average person, the great fear is to lose his job and many Americans have lost jobs in this recession, which also means loss of benefits, loss of a home, destruction of family security. 
My opponent thinks the government -- the surplus is government money. 
Then I got into Texas's drug war program and the big drug dealers got mad. 
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris want to raise taxes. 
I'm not gonna listen to him. 
MCCain: Well, this is a terribly painful situation for the Americans. 
And here's the thing. 
If we build the hopes of the world by having a summit conference that is not sufficiently prepared, and then, if Mr Khrushchev finds an excuse to break it - as he did - because he is not going to get away with it - we could question the cause of peace. 
Mr. Mondale spoke of the worst year of farmers. 
It's a problem between Mr. Nixon and me. 
If you do it as a young man, time passes. 
If you're going to hurt me and ask me more and take more of my money, income tax and business tax, you'll have a choice in a few weeks, either to support a ticket that wants to create jobs, support our economy and win the war, or support a ticket that wants to raise taxes, which eventually kills jobs, and that will harm our economy. 
Governor, what do you think? 
Mr. President, it's been more than a year since you saw him -- you told Assad he had to leave. 
Remember what they said? 
Now, for us to do this, we have to fill our deficit, and one of the things I'm sure we're going to discuss tonight is, how do we deal with our tax code? 
The Governor suggests abolishing the SALT II treaty that you negotiated in Vienna or signed in Vienna, intensifying the accumulation of American power to encourage the Soviets to sign a new treaty, one more favourable to us. 
I want to move on. 
Don't be too discouraged. 
And we have remained on the side of democracy. 
Prior to Darfur, Ambassador Jack Danforth had negotiated a north-south agreement that we would have hoped to bring peace to the Sudan. 
Our country is as suggested in the Kerner Commission report several years ago, but they said between white and black. 
Wasn't that a huge failure of intelligence, Vice President Biden? 
Their work does not depend on him. 
RYAN: When you look at what has happened in the last few weeks, they sent the UN ambassador to say it was because of a protest and a YouTube video. 
And that means that our help we provide to Pakistan will have to be conditioned by the fulfilment of certain criteria. 
The last time I heard Vice-President Bush blame the fact that they did not meet with the Soviet leader, and he is the first president in forty years not to meet with a Soviet counterpart. 
And natural gas doesn't just magically appear. 
The Vice-President called social security a few years ago, mostly or largely, a social assistance program. 
This is an important priority, because now is the time to act and we will tell our elders that our promises we made to you will be kept. 
It is blocked by Republican leaders in Congress. 
And what do I have to do with my life? 
Hearing microphones will be turned off after a question is asked. 
What I see is American, in the United States. 
And, you know, I understand Donald was strongly supported by the NRA. 
Bill Clinton's Arkansas is doing so -- in part because it has adopted reform measures that limit the length of time that malpractice prosecutions can take. 
Where is the private sector, Governor Reagan, in the years when our cities have deteriorated? 
Do you support Simpson-Bowles? 
So I will not grant amnesty to those who have come here illegally. 
Wouldn't it be nice to take $20.7 billion into our legal system and put it in preventive health care or women's health care or something other than trial lawyers? 
I believe in the separation of the Church and the State. 
We were building a nation. 
In these circumstances, therefore, I strongly urge and will stand firm, if I have the opportunity to insist or to stand - this position: that any summit conference should be held only after the most thorough preparation and only after Mr Khrushchev - after his shameful conduct in Paris, after his shameful conduct at the United Nations - gave some assurance that he really wanted to sit down and talk and do something and not just do propaganda. 
Jim, our elders depend on these programs, and I know every time we talk about rights, people worry that something will happen that will change their lives for the worst. 
CLINTON: ...of what Donald said, it's about nuclear weapons. 
My plan is to reduce rates, but also reduce deductions, exemptions and credits at the same time so that revenues stay in, but we cut rates to get more people who work. 
I think we need to be very reluctant about this. 
But it is very important to put this in context. 
They've been investigating my wife. 
And how do you think the Constitution should be interpreted? 
Do everything we can to control our own energy. 
It's been there since the beginning of the summer and nothing has happened. 
GORE: Well, I thought there was a controversy at the end of the legislative session where the Texas hate crime law failed, and the Byrd family, among other things, asked you to support it, governor, and she died in committee for lack of support. 
He said it was a mistake. 
Daniel, I don't support a project. 
So, yes, I told the American National Legion! 
I have a plan to get people back to work. 
But we both agree that in order to do so peacefully, you need to get them to change their minds. 
Because what I proposed... TRUMP: And look at mine, too, and you'll see. 
Second, that you get a $2,000 rebate from the government if you are a family of $30,000 or less -- it decreases as you increase -- that you can use to buy health care in private markets. 
They can go faster than that. 
It is profitable to help Russia succeed in its revolution; it is cents on the dollar compared to the return to the cold war. 
Broken windows, painted on one of them "Promesses not held;" on the other, "Despair." 
CARTER: I can't say with any certainty that we would have fewer federal employees when I left my office than when I returned. 
I'm Bob Goldfarb. 
Could I just — one thing. 
(LAUGHTER) MODERATOR: First of all, a few followed by last week's Vice-President's debate. 
My plan... you can read my plan. 
I am pleased to have balanced the budgets. 
They'll find a state -- maybe Arizona, maybe another state -- where there's no requirement to get cancer screening tests, where there's no requirement for you to get pre-existing conditions, and they'll all settle in there. 
He's up. 
And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the work we've done. 
And if a crisis occurs, I ask who has the judgment and experience and, yes, the character of making the right decision? Finally, the other night, Governor Clinton said it was not the President's character, but that of the Presidency. 
Michael Dukakis fought us every step of the way. 
But it won't be easy. 
"I'm against fracturing, until he got the appointment, went to Pennsylvania, then he said — you know what, Pennsylvania? 
That's not what happens in these cases. 
And if we move forward with the kind of policies that the Vice-President suggests tonight that have in the past, this debt will grow more and more. 
That's why I was critical of the administration. 
What your plan does is to reproduce what is already the law, which says that if you are out of health insurance for three months, then you can end up getting continuous coverage and an insurance company can't deny you if you have -- if it's been less than 90 days. 
I ran because of Barack Obama, because you did a bad job. 
It's about the process. 
For every one of you who got up here and asked a question tonight, I promise you that there are 100,000 Americans who said I wish I could ask that question. 
That's how I'll execute him. 
So we are now going to the first question and to Mr Kemp. 
The research and development to use primary to make coal burning, uh - be clean. 
But I just want the answer here. 
But you cannot tell me that when the most troops in another country on the ground are Britain, with 8,300, and below that the other four are below 4,000, and below that, there is no one out of the hundreds, that we have a real coalition to do this work. 
Eight trillion in debt. 
And that's part of Donald Trump's model. 
The President told the terrorists he was going to retaliate. 
We guarantee pre-existing conditions, but we remove the individual mandate. 
Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people live, determines the kind of education they can receive in their public schools, and, yes, determines how they are treated in the criminal justice system. 
If we're keeping someone -- you know, using a weapon illegally, there must be a consequence. 
Anyone who is responsible for not taking control - in fact, I am not saying, I am not taking any responsibility, at the outset - who is responsible for this number of deaths should not remain President of the United States of America. 
Indeed, what has happened in recent months, especially in Massachusetts, but also in California, but in Massachusetts, we have had the Supreme Court of Massachusetts order - the Massachusetts legislature to amend their constitution to allow gay marriage. 
OBAMA: If I can answer the question. 
Jim, Jim, it's a big... MCCAIN: It was a strategy. 
It is a $550 billion tax system that will cause a big gap in the deficit that will increase interest rates and slow the economy and make more people pay for home mortgages, car payments, credit card payments, college loans and small business loans. 
Was it greedy lenders? 
And I'm very proud of that choice. 
And all you have to do is go to a big place like West Virginia or places like Ohio, which is phenomenal, or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they do to people, miners and others in the energy sector. 
They drafted a bill that, in fact, was serious and real. 
This is Secretary Clinton's two minutes, please. 
That disavows her. 
And while I was there, I worked on a bipartite basis, as I did in the House, I worked with former President Reagan on the modernization of our strategic weaponry. 
There was no change in my attitude. 
Just to correct the file, Mr. Nixon said on exhaustion that his file was the opposite of mine. 
And for the next decade, she was haunted by this conversation. 
Now, what you did was perfectly legal, but do you think it was fair, and is there something wrong with our tax laws that allows such important deductions for rich taxpayers? 
We cannot slow down education, because it is the engine that will give us the economic growth and competitiveness we need. 
Senator, the last debate, President Bush said he was not in favour of a project. 
Our industrial competitors, who compete with us, spend less and have better health care. 
I'm cutting the price of drugs. 
He said that middle-income families would now have a reduction in their health insurance premiums of $2,500 per year. 
Quayle: $150 billion in new taxes. 
There's a big difference between the two of us. 
Can we move on to another subject, please? 
We believe that - in education, we can have a slight increase - not a significant increase. 
I chose Senator Walter Mondale. 
And they raised a family. 
So we're making spectacular progress. 
Cities. 
But I want to warn my fellow citizens: the cost of doing nothing, the cost of saying that the current system is correct, far exceeds the cost of trying to save the system for our children. 
The United States Senate will pass an ongoing resolution tomorrow or the next day, next week, with 2,000 -- 2,000 -- look at them, my friends. 
I don't want an American's talents wasted. 
President Eisenhower leaves on 20 January and the next four years are crucial years. 
And I never promoted Fannie Mae. 
They were cultivated in the country, by American citizens and legal residents. 
Chris, can I be honest? 
Now, when I heard George Bush say to Houston's assembly, that when he heard the phrase "we won the cold war," he wondered who was "we." 
Nice work. 
It'll help Jeremy get a job when he gets out of school. 
They can get away from society. 
And certainly, on the other hand, the president has not, both in terms of health records, but also to let the taxes look. 
Secondly, only one Liberal senator from Massachusetts would say that an increase of 49% in education funding is not enough. 
Thank you, Gwen. 
That's how we cut a trillion dollars in spending that didn't advance this cause. 
I was one of eight people sitting in the room that included Tip O'Neill negotiating with President Reagan. 
They're your children. 
And it is a question of fact that Senator Obama spent more money on negative announcements than any political campaign in history. 
There was no one harder on Russia than Donald Trump. 
And even some of your democratic opponents in Congress suggested that the administration could plan a surprise invasion in December. 
The president needed authority to use force to make him do something, because he never did it without the threat of force. 
So the net tax increase in his plan is between $60 billion and $80 billion. 
I am not satisfied until all Americans enjoy their constitutional rights. 
Let's move on. 
I can't believe I'm staying in time. 
I mean, they're not makeup figures. 
It's a great responsibility. 
I'm gonna keep America strong and get America's middle class back to work. 
Now Governor Romney just said, you know he wants to help these young people too, but during the Republican primary, he said, "I'm going to veto the DREAM law," which would give these young people access." 
Health insurance -- the question of health insurance was formerly referred to as "health insurance". 
But they don't work if you're going to raise taxes and then Congress spends it continues to spend that. 
So let's talk about it. 
I have a quote for you from "If I was president," compiled by Peggy Gavin. 
They hack our computers. 
This is not good for America's position in the world, and the world notices. 
They have -- we have to give them a chance to do their best again. 
It wasn't booming. 
And in the 1960s, he wrote letter after letter to come to university here in the United States because the idea was that there was no other country on Earth where you could do it if you tried. 
I met a couple in Appleton, Wisconsin, and they said we thought we'd give up our insurance, we can't afford it. 
CMCain: You know, I admire Senator Obama's eloquence so much. 
Third, we should have training camps for non-violent offenders so that they can obtain discipline, treatment and education and reconnect with the community, before they are separated and sent to prison where they can learn to be first-class criminals. 
BUSH: Off-road diesel engines -- we have reached an agreement to reduce off-road diesel engine pollution by 90 percent. 
The system favours a struggle between young and old and diverts the country towards polarization of these two groups. 
You mentioned the Navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than in 1916. 
You know, it's a tough question and there's a lot of qualified Americans. 
I think the economy meant more to the people of Gore and Clinton than the people of Gore and Clinton meant to the economy. 
Almost nothing. 
Senator Biden, you remember that in this energy plan for which Obama voted, that's what allowed these oil companies to benefit from great tax relief. 
But I am of the opinion that because this President has been strong, and because we have addressed imbalances - and I think we are very close to doing this - the Soviets are more likely to make an agreement. 
You and others in this great country have worked hard and done a lot to give your children and grandchildren the blessings of a better America. 
They lost about a million people during the war, the Korean war, the forgotten war. 
I had a record with the Republicans and Democrats as governor of Texas, and I was hoping I could do the same. 
And there are no market forces involved in health care. 
I said we're betting on American workers and the U.S. auto industry and it's coming back. 
Mr. WELKER: Please, 30 seconds, then I have a question. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Um -- CLINTON: Do you know people who have lost their jobs and their homes? 
Sorry, Mr. Reagan, you got your reply, and I cut you off because our time is up. 
Secondly, although Governor Bush says that his tax reduction program, however large, is giving a tax cut to everyone, as the newspapers said earlier this week, the Joint Committee on Taxation, once again a non-partisan group in Congress, says that 27 million Americans are not getting what the governor said they would be in the tax program. 
It was right through the roof. 
What we want to do is change that. 
And in the Richmond area -- and I'm sure it's happened somewhere else -- 12-year-olds are carrying weapons to school. 
Merci beaucoup. 
We have -- OBAMA: Candy? 
Why didn't she do something? 
Setting up plexiglas is incredibly expensive, and that's not the answer. 
Because inside Pakistan, you have a large group of Pashtoun who are Taliban. 
What matters is something in that person's head says there will be no consequence. 
Not the Democrats. 
Let me first talk about this joke about religion that I found very unpleasant. 
And I've never met two guys who are more in America overall. 
The individual mandate was Obamacare's most unpopular aspect. 
Well, these special types of programs - stole the average taxpayer and benefited those who are powerful, and who can employ lobbyists, and who can have their CPAs and lawyers to help them benefit from the approximately eight thousand pages of the tax code. 
You need to know who your opponents are, and keep them in check. 
The American people should demand that its president tell the truth. 
That is what we want America to be for our children and grandchildren. 
He's a president who didn't meet the Black Congress caucus. 
These are some of the major issues - the atomic war, the use of our natural resources and the question of nationalism - that I intend to talk about in the remaining six weeks of this campaign, and I hope that the American people will listen and see that an independent government of John Anderson and Patrick Lucey will be able to give us the kind of coalition government we need in 1980 to start solving our problems. 
There was a very big peak in Arizona, he's now gone. 
These are inconsistencies. 
You have not expressed your regret at using the term "deplorable".To Mr Carter's question, how can you unite a country if you have removed tens of millions of Americans? 
I am for an investment tax rebate; I am for tax relief for the first time homebuyers. 
There is another group to which I feel very close, and it is the men and women who fought on the battlefield, the children, the families of those who died, the people who left parts of their bodies there. 
We're gonna have to do it. 
That's one of the things I want to change. 
It was a tremendous outbreak of patriotism, that "I want to make a sacrifice for my country." 
And now, five weeks before the election, he says his big and bold idea is, "Anything." 
At the end of the debate, you will each have three minutes for closing remarks. 
Today, on the borderline of this effort, we extend this kind of rights to gay Americans and lesbians who are citizens of this country and children of the same awesome God just as much as any of us. 
In the first century of our nation's history, our ancestors gave us the best form of government in the history of humanity. 
- His statement? 
But I think we need to have a way to check the handguns before they are sold, to check the criminal history, the mental health history, and the age of the people who buy them. 
Or would you wait for the approval of the UN Security Council? 
There is no democrat who approves it. 
Let me address it on this issue of agricultural subsidies. 
However, from Jerry Ford to Jimmy Carter to Ronald Reagan, there was a bipartite consensus in favour of the modernization of land missiles. 
Mr. WIEGHART: Mr. President, during a visit to Texas -- 
And I'll tell you why. 
It's the people who listen to this show. 
Number two, Mr President, the reason I call it an apology visit is that you went to the Middle East and stole from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Iraq. 
PENCE: ...guarantee that Iran will one day become a nuclear power, because there is no limit once the treaty period comes out. 
This next public question through the online forum Bipartite Open Debate Coalition, where Americans submitted questions that generated millions of votes. 
Your policy does not really imply that we will have a fairly high unemployment rate over a fairly long period of time, that growth will be slow enough, and that we will not be able to do much - very in the next four or five years to meet the basic agenda of our national needs in cities, in health, in transit and many things like that. 
And -- and I -- I think the president just correctly said that the money stops at his office and -- and he assumes responsibility -- for that -- for failing to provide those security resources, and -- and these terrible things can happen from time to time. 
We want -- we want to make sure that we are seeing progress throughout the Middle East. 
Saddam Hussein was a risk to our country, ma'am. 
The American people want to keep opening the doors. 
The Taliban, the terrorists, the Haqqani and the Quetta Shora come from Pakistan to fight our men and women. 
Part of that is to see if we can get a ban on assault weapons reintroduced. 
Why don't you interrupt it? 
Make sure you get a good paid job, ensuring that health insurance and social security... (CROSSTALK) CROWLEY: Mr. President. 
That's not what I'm gonna do. 
And why did they lose their industry? 
Before I came here, I was a private developer, I was a private businessman. 
We can do it. 
The gap between rich and poor is widening. 
These are the keys to the future and who can be the leader for the future? 
And this is the current system of campaign financing. 
And the governor may not want to answer that question, he might want to say it's a high school talk, but let me tell you this. 
Secondly, he referred to the problem of the elderly. 
Last week, as a member of the Senate Committee on External Relations, I reviewed the testimony of General Twining, representing the Administration in 1959, and of the Under-Secretary of State before the Committee on External Relations in 1958, and I described the Administration's policy in detail, and I fully support it. 
Gentlemen, I'm sorry. 
WALLACE: Allow me to bring Mr. Trump back into this, because, in fact, you are opposed to any limit on assault weapons, any limit on high-capacity magazines. 
I think it is interesting to note that during the two years I was president, I have vetoed 56 bills. 
The administration says over and over again that the outsourcing of millions of American jobs is good. 
Oh, no, no. 
I was the upstairs manager. 
ROMNEY: The government does not create jobs. 
But there's no corner on that glare factor, believe me. 
And it's in some cases because both parents work. 
I did. 
Eight in ten companies report their taxes as individuals, not as corporations. 
This means that it will have to either increase your taxes by $900 billion, or invest in the social security surplus for $900 billion. 
It is the government, as I have already said, which has taken its money for a change instead of the poor taxpayer. 
I'm asking you to wait until the other one's over. 
We tried to persuade Chiang Kai-shek at the end of January 1959 to reduce the number of troops he had on them. 
These are the decisions you make in middle-class families like I grew up in Scranton and Claymont. 
I think, however, that what we need to do is that the President and leadership be placed before our country exactly what we need to do in the next decade, if we are to maintain our security in education, economic growth, and the development of natural resources. 
They die in the suburbs. 
If we invest in a serious energy policy, it will save in the amount of money we borrow from China to send to Saudi Arabia. 
This is where the American economy is right now, and it is because of the disaster and the failure of the management of this administration. 
South Korea is facing a very delicate situation. 
It's not much fun sometimes. 
A question to each candidate. 
As you said, more than seven million people in the United States are infected. 
The tragedy is that our youth continue to increase their drug use to about 11 percent in total with marijuana, and I regret that. 
Now, let me talk about health care and... GORE: Do you need it? 
We must therefore do everything in our power to aspire to the intelligence of Europe, the Middle East. 
I'm gonna have a special prosecutor. 
I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but that was not enough. 
The following question was put to Mr Reagan de Daniel Greenberg. 
And I'm pretty good at it. 
To get a young man's killer in the middle of the street, they shot him. 
In the second century of our nation's history, our ancestors developed the most productive industrial nation in world history. 
The coalition against Saddam has collapsed or it's confusing, let's say so. 
They want us to support our army, rebuild our army, command respect for the world, and they want the American economy to come back to the races. 
The honourable senator made a mistake about his facts. 
And now they have oil everywhere, including oil - a lot of oil in Libya, which was another of its disasters. 
We are not heading towards a safer area of the world. 
It's an important election and I'm worried about America. 
Because economic growth means strength and vitality; it means that we are able to support our defences; it means that we are able to meet our commitments abroad. 
He does what GI Bill himself did when I came out of World War II. 
Now I've been for the campaign reform, and pushed it very hard. 
I am proud of these partnerships. 
We passed a historic law in 1984. 
We have people who are unemployed. 
OBAMA: You want me to answer a question -- ROMNEY: How much did you cut them? 
In the program of reinventing the government, just look at the numbers. 
We will do everything we can to improve adoption in this country. 
It was after. 
You have 30 seconds, that's right. 
As you can see, he's starting to talk about the government. 
QUAYLE: I'll answer the question. 
That's absolutely wrong, and you know it. 
Are you looking upside down, senator? 
Ireland is 11 percent. 
Those are the facts. 
TRUMP: Either you do it, Chris, an invited ballot, where you send it, they send it back and you send it. 
Secondly, in this line which says that we are endowed by our creator of our rights, I believe that we must maintain our commitment to religious tolerance and freedom in this country. 
You both talk about bipartiality. 
So my attitude is that we need to grow the economy from the bottom up. 
My main number one is that there will be no tax reduction that adds to the deficit. 
God bless you. 
the strictest safety requirements, could meet our energy needs for the next two decades, while exploring the areas of solar energy and other forms of energy that could be renewable and that would not be exhaustable. 
And you know, you saw the list, I saw the list, we're not going to go into the names, but no wonder they -- if I had these people around me every day, telling me it was fair and free, I could believe it. 
Well, he's had a lot of experience in this area and he's sure he's going to go ahead and do it. 
Bob Dole knows that the rates must go down through the plan and then we will reach the most important part, to repeal this code and go to a new system for the 21st century. 
The chemical weapons treaty to ban all chemical weapons was our initiative, not the Soviets. 
We have a balanced budget plan that protects health insurance and provides tax reductions. 
Look, his own person who ran this for the one who, as you know, was his chief of staff, said, "It was catastrophic, it was horrible, we didn't know what we were doing. Now he comes and tells us how to do this. 
I served this country for fourteen years in Congress and before that in the service. 
And speaking of freedom on the move, the only thing on the move is Iran. 
When the Republican platform says that from now on, we're going to have a religious test for the judges before they're chosen for the Federal Court, and then Jerry Falwell announces that it means they get at least two Supreme Court judges, I think it's an abuse of faith in our country. 
Do you really think that our armed forces are really very strong in the areas of conventional capability where they should be? 
I ran because of you. 
We are the best importers. 
Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and is very close to Secretary Clinton. 
So what you have to do is respect the laws as they are, whether you pay taxes or play a football game. 
I think these are questions of very deep conviction, as long as many, many people in this country believe. 
It's coming up fast. 
He should be held responsible. 
And so that the state interferes with a constitutional amendment, and tells a woman that she must carry this pregnancy in the long term, whatever her personal belief, which, I think, violates freedom of conscience as much as anything I can think of. 
Started as a humanitarian mission and changed into a nation-building mission, and that's where the mission went wrong. 
That's why I'm thinking about it. 
FERRARO: No, I think what you have to do is work with the government - I suppose you're talking about the government of Nicaragua - working with this government to achieve a pluralistic society. 
But I have a fundamental belief in the goodness and strength of the American worker. 
It's not a washy, and that's why I'm fighting, you. 
They're hurt. 
They were at 21.5% under Jimmy Carter, and inflation at 15. 
Can we take another ride? 
Mr. MONDALE: First of all, I accept President Reagan's assertion of faith. 
No, we have a good file. 
The Iranians met with Ambassador Crocker in Baghdad. 
Tom -- or John said I was wildly liberal. 
Is it not a fact, Dan, that each of these SS-18s is still there, in the silos, and under START I, only half of the silos are supposed to be dismantled, and there is no agreement to get rid of the other half? 
What commitment are you ready to make tonight for this voiceless segment of our company? 
Let's go to another subject. 
They are difficult negotiators, but all previous presidents have made progress. 
Then, in 1982, they used this proposal demagogically for the 1982 campaign. 
And this tax, there is no deduction, so a person who does anywhere from 10, 15, 20 -- he pays that tax on the full gross income that he or she has already paid a tax on the same amount of money. 
We have an architect in the public who designed one of your clubs in one of your golf courses. 
One is to reduce spending -- control mandatory spending. 
GREENBERG: Well, gentlemen, what I would like to say first of all is that I think the panel and the public would appreciate the responsiveness to the questions, rather than the repetitions of your campaign addresses. 
I can't handle this in a minute, but I hope we can get back to it later. 
TRUMP: 401k=s are through the roof. 
He never said that, senator. 
TRUMP: So, yes, I think — I think it's time. 
It was the right decision. 
I did it honorably. 
LEHRER: Senator Dole, if he was elected president, what criteria would you use to decide when to send American troops on the path of evil? 
More in July than June. 
That's why I'm fighting for equality and justice. 
In fact, we put together a $5. 
And so I had to fight with that. 
We listened -- QUAYLE: Good points. 
There is a lot of high-quality low-carbon coal, low-sulphur coal, and that is where our use is needed. 
What I said was that the President should have the opportunity to appoint a President of the Federal Reserve Council to have a coterminous mandate, that is, they are both four - four years old. 
Let me remind you that this was a democratic tax increase, and I didn't want to do it and I followed. 
By proper preparation, I mean that at this level we must prepare an agenda, an agenda agreed upon with the approval of the Heads of State concerned. 
If you want to participate in some of the dynamic changes that are occurring in our country, you will get specific help to do so. 
Are there any conditions under which you would meet him? 
It's not about me. 
PAGE: I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President, you've had more time than she had, so far - 
Congressman Ryan? 
No one in the world agrees with our policy towards Cuba. 
Vote no matter what the best way for you. 
I don't want to -- SIMPSON: I'm sorry. 
After that, the alternation will continue. 
The President's characterization of my tax plan... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...is completely... is completely... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...is completely false. 
So no one cares more about their safety than I do. 
It's on the north slope right next to Prudhoe Bay. 
I use this term with all due respect, by the way. 
And by the way, we've also changed the FBI culture so that the fight against terrorism is its number one priority. 
And it was economical. 
I could also say that - if we see that these objectives cannot be achieved - and I believe they are reasonable objectives - then I will reduce the implementation rate - new programs to reflect a balanced budget by fiscal year 81, which is the last year of the next mandate. 
The Americans are angry, they're angry, and they're a little scared. 
That's a big question. 
KENNEDY: Well, I'll just say that the question is experience and the question too is, uh, what our judgment is of the future, and what our objectives are for the United States, and what capacity we have to implement these objectives. 
And if John wants to disagree with that, he can tell me, that if the United States has Al-Qaida, bin Laden, high-level lieutenants in our eyes, and Pakistan is unable or not able to act, then we should get them out. 
Go to y.m. You can get him out of the Internet. 
Carter wants to raise taxes for about half of the taxpayers in this country. 
I mean, because, first of all, they find it difficult to get reimbursement for the care they provide, you know, from government or health care companies. 
We can, I've been in these camps in Chad. 
And there are a lot of good people working hard. 
We chased the Russians with -- Afghan freedom fighters drove the Russians out of Afghanistan, and then we made a serious mistake. 
Indeed, Secretary of the Treasury under John F. Kennedy and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under John F. Kennedy approved Bob Dole's plan to reduce rates, reduce capital gains taxes, balance the budget, grant a $500 tax credit and, obviously, the plan should be to lift the economy, get more revenue. 
I think they also know that we have a commission that arrived a year ago with a recommendation on education -- on excellence in education. 
Say you're not, Joe, you're still going back. 
And as we become a diverse society, we will have to tackle it more and more. 
Less than two hundred for all African countries and they need trained leadership more than anything else. 
He says ours is an insulting campaign. 
A $550 billion tax cut in a savings of $50 billion over six years is one and a half percent, and the only hole it would blow up is a hole in this administration's plans to try to tinker with the tax code and defend the indefensible. 
We tried diplomacy. 
End the use of fossil fuels to generate electricity by 2035 and zero net greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. 
Because it has won the support of a large number of people across the state and I think it's a model for what I hope we can do across the country. 
PENCE: You have said yourself on several occasions when you were running for the presidency that you would prohibit fracturing. 
And I've already made a proposal - and yes, it's going to cost a little money. 
TRUMP: You will approve one of the largest tax cuts in history. 
Do you know when we will find a job for the eight and a half million people who are unemployed in this country, you know that we will make our economy stronger and it will be a patriotic act. 
That is why I hope that we will meet in this campaign. 
A hundred thousand Americans a month have lost their health insurance in the last four years. 
We gave it to a slow start and a quick end to give the economy time to recover. 
That's how interested I am. 
One of the main reasons is that work is much cheaper here. 
The fact is that he cut off the money from vocational training. 
Let them have this discussion. 
So I'm not gonna take your time tonight, but let me say that. 
I would like to thank all the people of America whom no one ever knows: the woman who held the AIDS baby she adopted at Cedar Rapids, Iowa, who asked me to do something more for adoption; the woman who stopped on the road to Wisconsin and cried because her husband had lost her job after 27 years; all the people who have a difficult time; and the people who earn, but who know how desperately we need to change. 
The United States must maintain a defence capability on the Panama Canal. 
We will now go to the closing statement, two minutes from each candidate. 
We can do better. 
Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...HOLT: Let me interrupt for a moment, but...TRUMP: Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have done it for years, not now, because we created a movement. 
Mr. WALLACE: I want to continue with you on this point, Vice-President Biden. 
Well, four years ago, when I was at the office, I was traveling and had the same conversations that Governor Romney talks about. 
LEHRER: Are you -- what priorities could you adjust, as Chair, Senator McCain, because -- because of the cost of bail-out? 
I wish there was more money, but we're financing them much more than ever in the past. 
We need to restore confidence. 
I don't like it. 
There is no doubt that we have achieved equal access to schools in America after a long and difficult and terrible struggle. 
Governor Bush and I have emphasized that, although we are both clearly pro-life, that is what we believe. 
One way, for example, of having one number. 
Mr. Greenberg, you can speak to Mr. Anderson. 
Good evening, Mr. Nixon: 
People who have set out to make sure we can all try to do it. 
And I think it's time that when you have a job in this country, he came with health insurance. 
Reducing our investment in research and technology is not an intelligent choice. 
Why punish the middle-class consumer so much? 
I'm sure it can be done and it's going to reduce inflation because I did it in California. 
I was against the war. 
They -- we will not be part of a voucher program or the privatization of social security. 
WOODRUFF: John Margolis, another question for Senator Bentsen. 
I want a check, so if Congress can't do it, let people check their income tax, 10% of it, to force the government to cut spending. 
Joe, the hundred million people are totally wrong. 
So, my last question to you tonight, are you ready to accept the result as the will of the voters? 
I hope that from now on we will address the issues that affect the vast majority of Americans, employment, schools, health care, housing, the environment. 
Elaine, let me mention one thing.PENCE: They don't... Elaine, let me finish a sentence. 
But the fact is that eliminating assignments alone is not a recipe for how we are going to put the middle class back on track. 
I want to come back to the question of race. 
I just think it's wrong. 
And by reducing and eliminating capital gains, reducing and eliminating the estate tax, reducing the highest tax rate to something reasonable, like -- here it comes back -- I think in peacetime, it shouldn't be higher, Bob, and I don't think it should be higher than 25 percent, gradually. 
So, you know, she shouldn't be talking about t. w, tweeting happens to be a modern form of communication. 
So what do we do? 
Communists have threatened to take power by peaceful means in Italy and relations have generally cooled with the Soviet Union in recent months. 
Over the last eight years, we have seen this dream diminish. 
We are working with the countries of the region to ensure, for example, that ships can cross; that trade continues. 
The fact is that when we look at the future of this nation, we have two very different visions of this future. 
And as we have clearly said, the great nations cannot bluff. 
Republican candidate Richard M. Nixon and Democratic candidate John F. Kennedy. 
What happened to him is awful. 
Vital Regions for the United States Mr.KALB: Mr. Speaker, perhaps on the other side of the room, a related issue, sir. 
I would ensure that Ahmadinejad is charged under the Genocide Convention. 
I'm just the help hired here, so, I mean... (LAUGHTER) OBAMA: You're doing a good job, Tom. 
I want to help people help themselves, not let the government tell people what to do. 
We just have a different point of view. 
And we must restore confidence in America. 
Why did John vote 20 times? 
John McCain said, I look in his eyes and I see KGB. 
Why didn't he? 
PENCE: Susan, we talked about the American people – 
You've done it several times. 
We must stop sending jobs abroad. 
It's not gonna happen by accident. 
Was there any attempt to mislead people about what really happened? 
We have had a remarkable success, with the help of a democratic Congress. 
There is no doubt that we cannot discuss our internal affairs in the United States without recognizing that they have a significant impact on our international position. 
Do you think they both have a legitimate role to play in the fight against terrorist activities around the world? 
No one knows that Russia has entered the DNC. 
I think our troops should be used to help overthrow the dictator when it is in our interest. 
But it's a man who called dirty women, lobs and dogs, and someone who said pregnancy is a disadvantage for employers, who said... TRUMP: I never said that. 
We should continue to make these additional efforts of affirmative action programs, law and land policy. 
Tom, this is one of the most difficult problems any director will face, because you can't help but have sympathy for this family, and for the hostages in the cells. 
I'm giving up. 
It's just another lie. 
But if he had to run this country, and they had done it the way he wanted it, we would have done it. 
You've got another minute. 
We're Americans. 
That's what I said. You said in the rose garden, the day after the attack, it was an act of terror. 
Number two. 
How can we trust an administration that suddenly, four years or the last year of its four years, tells us that now they will follow up on the promise they made four years ago? 
1 number. 
WELKER: President Trump, I'll give you 10 seconds to answer and then I have a follow-up question. 
When Nixon said it, we imported 17 to 34 percent of our foreign oil. 
Now we're making fun of anyone, Mr. President. 
You were totally in favor of that. 
All right. 
The people of Fort Wayne, Indiana, know it's different. 
We find that your salary has increased five times more in the Eisenhower administration than in the Truman administration. 
I don't have speechwriters. 
(LAUGHTER) Mr Gibson: Mr President. 
And you... WALLACE: And the specific question was to pay for the game. 
I would say that a president will be able to lead - a president will be able to move his program - to the effect that he has the support of the country, the support of the people. 
Ninety-eight percent of America, I'm giving you a tax cut and I'm giving you health care. 
I appreciate your question, and thank you for being here tonight and to all those in Nassau County who have come, thank you for your time. 
The American people are beginning to vote beyond racial limits, and I hope that this will happen more and more. 
But the dynamics of the economy - we have reduced taxes and revenues are up 25 per cent in three years. 
I take responsibility for saying that your time is up. 
I am proud to have been part of an administration that passed the first catastrophic health bill. 
This has nothing to do with the social security debate. 
The same goes for social security. 
Savings were declining. 
But I can assure you that if I'm elected president, the whole spectrum of taxes will be carefully covered. 
And the first -- that's part of your plan. 
As far as health insurance is concerned, no, but it is time for us to say that health insurance is about the same condition as social security and that something will have to be done in the coming years to make it fiscally sound. 
How did the president say no to this pipeline? 
This conference met six times. 
Mr. Ayers is not involved in my campaign. 
Who can give himself a 23% salary increase anywhere in the world except Congress? 
Until we receive the surplus from the farmer, however, we should have a program as I announced, which will see that farm income continues. 
And I say, where is it? 
I think the American people are ready to act. 
I don't pretend to know all the answers. 
But guess what: we've never been up to it. 
Susan, first and foremost, I think we're gonna win this election. 
Ours is a nation of refugees, a nation of immigrants. 
And I think he deserves a lot of credit for that. 
There was never a weapon invented in the history of the man who did not lead to a defensive weapon, a counter-weapon. 
Some fourteen thousand young men took advantage of your offer, but ninety thousand others did not. 
Your candidate, Governor Pence, pledged on Sunday that he and you -- his words -- would "absolutely accept the outcome of this election." 
And I believe that if we can get a party that believes in the movement, that believes in the future, then we can restore our position in the world - a strong defence, strong in economic growth, justice for our people, co-guarantee of constitutional rights, so that people will believe that we practice what we preach, and then all over the world, especially to try to restore the atmosphere that existed in Latin America at the time of Franklin Roosevelt. 
Senator McCain, how will all the recent economic stress affect our nation's ability to act as a peacemaker in the world? 
And yet some of our best presidents, some of our strongest international leaders were governors-Franklin Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt. 
I think we need to check the history of weapons exposures or anywhere to make sure that weapons don't come into the hands of people who shouldn't have them. 
There is a socialist economy. 
The New York Times published three pages of your 1995 income tax returns. 
So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton was abusive to n.Y. Clinton attacked those same women and brutally attacked them. 
That's not true. 
I finished it, he's gone. 
But why start an arms race now? 
But I am simply saying that the Treaty is quite precise and that I support the Treaty. 
When they see hatred continue, they must report it. 
And I believe that instead of talking about Soviet progress, we can talk about American successes. 
We need to make decisions on sound principles. 
I was on the assumption that when the thing is like this, you have a chance to answer. 
And let's start by talking about racing. 
He can make any excuse he wants, but the facts are that we are reducing the number of uninsured percentages of our population. 
The economy fell by almost 40 to 50 per cent. 
LEHRER: Mr. President, in your acceptance speech in Chicago, you said that the real choice in this race is, quote, that we are building a bridge to the future or a bridge to the past; whether we believe our best days are still outside or our best days are behind us; whether we want a country of people all together or where you are alone, final quote. 
Ambassador Stevens — Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for assistance. 
You see, there must be a consequence. 
These are the issues to which the President must establish a moral tone and moral leadership. 
It is a social protection system that is more like a socialist Third World country than we expected from the world's largest democratic system of free enterprise. 
People are pouring into our country. 
She understands that better than almost any American I know. 
That lady said here, how did you get affected by the economy. 
I see how it feels. 
As agreed earlier, we are going to the closing statement now, two minutes each. 
It's okay. 
They have poor health care. 
Leave me alone. 
(Laughter and applause) BRUNO: This is not the Senate, where you can exchange free time. 
I said, there's a person with a temperament that has a problem. 
I'm not asking you, but if you do, you're in the top 1%. 
WALLACE: Well, let's take up another problem that divides you and the judges that the one who eventually wins this election appoints could have a dramatic effect there, and that's the issue of abortion. 
The committee drafted this evening's format, and the Rules of Procedure were approved by the 90-minute debate, divided into six segments, each lasting 15 minutes. 
That's absolutely not true. 
With respect to proposal RU-486, at this stage, I have not considered this particular bill in particular. 
You'll have two and a half minutes to answer. 
What we have done for the poor is that in fact - the Homelessness Bill, the McKinney Act, which is the main piece of legislation dealing with homelessness - Congress has reduced the funding that the administration has recommended. 
We're against it. 
But we cannot only provide moral support. 
But unfortunately, in urban America, and I was happy to hear the vice president talk about it a little, uh over there -- they abandoned downtown. 
They live near chemical plants that actually pollute. 
And here's help for you to go to education. 
It was a command decision taken by the commanders on the spot and based on what they thought was best for the men there. 
(APPLAUUSE) GENE_GIBBONS_(Reuters): Mr President, you keep saying that you made a mistake in accepting a tax increase to obtain the 1990 budget agreement with Congress. 
That is one of the reasons for the great financial calamity we have had. 
AUDIENCE_QUESTION : Merci, M. Perot. 
We will proceed carefully. 
In fact, it is the economic recovery programme that we presented when I took up my duties in 1981. 
So you have to temper your decisions with the ability to affect the situation favorably and realize that you are sending America's most valuable asset, American blood, into the way of harming. 
Joe Biden looked his supporter in the eye and pointed out and said: "I guarantee, I guarantee that we will abolish fossil fuels. We have a $2 trillion version of the Green New Deal, Susan, that your US newspaper TODAY really said was not very different from the original Green New Deal. 
Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since January 1st. 
And finally, we don't want any military involvement there. 
Ronald Reagan said the Soviet Union was the evil empire. 
And it wasn't just a problem between Georgia and Russia. 
TRUMP: He doesn't want to answer the question. 
And so we have to be engaged with . 
The constitutional amendment proposed by President Reagan would make a woman an abortion crime if she had been raped or suffered from incest. 
Secretary Clinton? 
BRUNO: Senator Gore, get people back to work. 
The Vice-President, Senator Fulbright and now this evening, Senator Kennedy, maintain that the Administration deletes a report from the United States Information Agency that shows a decline in the prestige of the United States abroad. 
Kristen, I'll say it. 
All these deductions are legal, deductible in the calculation of your tax, and it was a one-year history with him. 
And they're all telling me that we don't want defeat. 
I said I would end the war in Libya -- in -- in Iraq, and I did. 
That's what he said. 
Where our development of natural resources - which I also support, by the way, however - whenever you uh - uh - in - uh - appropriate money for one of these projects, you have to pay now and appropriate money and eh - while they end up paying, that doesn't mean that you - the government doesn't have to pay the money this year. 
Number two, Governor Romney, before he knew the facts, even before he knew that our ambassador had been killed, he had gone out to make a political statement that was bandaged by the media all over the world. 
Mr Trump, in the last debate, you said that your speech on women's grabbing was just that, talking, and you never did. 
And let me say, at the risk of agreeing with you, community policing is a great idea. 
the question, to get a kind of new army, get the best in the world, we have it, and they are peacekeeping, and they are respected all over the world. 
Senator McCain, you proposed a $52 billion plan that includes further capital gains tax reductions, tax relief for seniors, write-offs for stock losses, among other things. 
The code should encourage marriage, not discourage marriage. 
And they have to live and go to bed at night thinking, "Is that true? Is anyone going to take away our check and leave us without resources?' 
Let us move on to the question of the economy. 
This man has done practically nothing. 
You know, I've had the great honour of traveling around the world on behalf of our country. 
Vice-Chair, if the Republicans of the Senate, we were talking about the origin of the Supreme Court here, if the Republicans of the Senate are moving forward and confirming Judge Barrett, there was talk of ending the filibuster or even packing the court, adding to the nine judges there. 
Do you think this is a failure of the Clinton administration? 
In fact, he said he wanted to announce that he was going to attack Pakistan. 
In the last five pres... vice president... candidates... holders, three of them became president. 
We cut taxes for the middle class. 
And there's a lot of things we can do to make sure your future is bright. 
Bullying is lifted. 
Nixon knows very well that, in this case which was involved in the so-called religious discussion in this campaign, I never suggested, even through the vaguest involvement, that he did nothing but disapprove of it. 
I've been fighting overexpenditure. 
We must make it clear to the Russians that there are sanctions for this kind of behaviour, this kind of naked aggression in Georgia, a small country and a small democracy. 
My plan isn't like everything that's been tried before. 
Mr President, Mr President, you have the right, as President, to your own plane and to your own house, but not to your own facts. 
If he's elected, the stock market will collapse. 
We could argue about that. 
Governor, how will you unify the country if you win? 
IFILL: Mr.Governor, are you interested in defending Senator McCain's health plan? 
At present, the United Nations, which is responsible for the January elections, has about 35 people. 
Come on, Joe, you can do better. 
Now, I'm going to restore what we did in the '90s, ladies and gentlemen: pay as you go. 
What about the deductions? 
And look at other countries that have tried to have health care under federal control. 
These are indisputable facts. 
But I know that if we followed this recommendation, if we lost all our friends in Latin America, we would probably be condemned to the United Nations and we would not achieve our goal. 
CLINTON: Their idea was that the poorest seniors in the country are paying an extra $270 this year. 
We could impose significant and painful sanctions on Iranians who, I think, could have a beneficial effect. 
(APPLAUUSE) LEHRER: Good evening, Mr. President, Senator Kerry. 
Thank you for asking your question. 
I want to make a difference. 
They are innocent victims of greed and excess on Wall Street and as well as Washington, D.C. And they're angry, and they have every reason to be angry. 
Governor, tell him why you think what he just said is wrong about Obamacare? 
EDWARDS: This means that Saddam Hussein needs to be confronted. 
Why is the number of deaths in the United States, as a percentage of our population, higher than that of almost all other rich countries? 
How would you go as president to decide when it was in the national interest to use American force in general? 
My answer to you is in the short term that we have to get after it here in America. 
I believe that we can increase investment and reduce the deficit at the same time, if we do not just ask the Americans and the richest foreign companies to pay their share; we also provide over $100 billion in tax relief, in terms of incentives for new factories, new small businesses, new technologies, new housing and middle-class families; and we have $140 billion in spending cuts. 
My recommendations on Bosnia. 
The record of their treatment was very good during this administration. 
The questions remain. 
I also think that what you need to think is not immediate, but what about health insurance? 
We moved from the largest deficits eight years ago to the largest surpluses in today's history. 
You have to close the borders. 
And he was fighting imperialism. 
Our Air Force is older and smaller than at any time since its founding in 1947. 
The elections have already begun. 
You refused -- and again -- to provide details on how you pay for this 20% tax reduction. 
I believe in the idea of amnesty for those who have rooted their roots and who have lived here even if they may have gone into illegality. 
We are now going to Gorbah Hamed with a question for both candidates. 
With all this instability and entry into the republics, and all the countries of the Middle East going there to buy weapons, we have our work cut off for us. 
Look what happened in Oakland. 
It is now 12.7%. 
We have closed the largest economy in the world to fight this horrible disease that came from China. 
I ask each of you to look in your hearts, to look in your guts. 
You cannot sit there in an international crisis - (APPLAUSE) 
Because part of Russia's intentions here was to weaken the economy to the point where President Saakashvili was so weakened that he could be replaced by someone Putin favored more. 
The previous week, the director of the disease control centres, Dr. Redfield, said it would be the summer before the vaccine generally became available to the public. 
The question is our future. 
I was strongly criticized because I called for the resignation of the Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Hon.LeHRER: The next question is for Senator Dole from here. 
People are leaving. 
What are you hiding? 
And I want to stick to the deal. 
People - people really want to know why you vetoed the strip-tease mining bill. 
I'm going to fight for a fair playing field for the American worker. 
We discovered yesterday that this year's deficit will reach a staggering record of $455 billion. 
She had one of the main lines of all the lines. 
And it's not enough to believe in her, you have to work for her." 
We don't want to go back on this. 
So there is no doubt that we have a long way to go. 
He didn't produce a quarter of oil or a piece of coal, or anything else in the energy line. 
The economy was in a free fall. 
Vladimir's gonna have to make some tough choices. 
But he was not in the Senate with Senator Feingold. 
Because it's his only measure. 
The next question is to Governor Clinton. 
Our international competitors who clean our plate have an intelligent relationship between government and business, and a supportive relationship. 
Forty-seven million Americans do not have health insurance in America today. 
It's because it's time for this country to have someone who manages it that has an idea of y. n we have $20 trillion in debt, and our country is a mess, you know, it's one thing to have $20 trillion in debt and our roads are good and our bridges are good and everything is in great shape, our airports. 
Gentlemen, this is the 21st century. 
(LAUGHTER) And it's up to you, Senator Obama, and it's -- it's back to a point that has already been raised. 
Nixon uh - before the convention you and Governor Rockefeller jointly said that the nation's economic growth should be accelerated; and the Republican platform says that uh - the nation needs to accelerate the pace of economic growth. 
No, Morton, I don't agree with all these things. 
Can you tell us why President Reagan did not meet with Soviet ministers at all and only met Prime Minister Gromyko less than a month ago? 
But I just know how this world works, and that in government councils there must be certainty on the part of the U.S. President. 
And if I had to do it again, I would, of course, do it differently. 
We believe that Osama bin Laden may be hiding in a cave along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. 
I know the vice president would pretend he didn't say it, and so would the president. 
And if the Americans trust me with the presidency, I can promise you, we will have the most important effort, openly - not secret meetings in the White House with special interests, not ideological efforts to push people back - but a real effort to try to restore America's hope and possibilities by bringing people together. 
PAGE: Vice-President Pence, allow me to give you a minute to answer. 
So the point is -- BUSH: Like Jerry Brown, number 800. 
Far be it from me to suggest otherwise. 
No, and that's why. 
And, by the way, when we talk about numbers, we don't know how many people died in China. 
I am Gwen Ifill of "The NewsHour" and "Washington Week" on PBS, and welcome you to the first and only Vice-Chair debate between Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Republican candidate, and Senator John Edwards, the democratic candidate. 
And it's also a major difference between me and the vice president. 
They are the ones who cultivate this country. 
And then after the group of the dirty Republican towers succeeded with me, I'm another person, which I consider to be an absolutely sick operation. 
This man surpassed me and special interests surpassed me. 
CLINTON: ... said Donald was not fit to be the commander-in-chief. 
They did wonders by writing their own constitution for the first time. 
WOODRUFF: John Margolis, a question for Senator Bentsen. 
On the other hand, we recognize that there is no consensus in America. 
I sent the U.S. marshals to handle business. 
TRUMP: Did Burisma pay him 183 thousand dollars a month, without any energy experience? 
Wasn't the money used to settle your lawsuits? 
The next ten. 
Later, he said, "I know you're fighting, Mark. Don't worry about their college. I'll pay him." 
And if we remain firm and strong, we will be able to bring Cuba too. 
He works in the executive. 
And we should go back to a little bit of Ronald Reagan's trust, but check, and certainly not sit on the other side of the table -- without preconditions, as Senator Obama said twice, I mean, it's just dangerous. 
We were in this deal, guys, we were in the Iranian nuclear deal with friends, with allies all over the country, and because of Donald Trump's unilateral approach, associated with his isolationism, he took us away and made America less secure. 
And although there was a serious threat to the social security system and its integrity during the 1976 campaign and when I became President, the action of the Democratic Congress working with me was to put social security on a sound financial basis. 
KERRY: No, and they don't have to, as long as we have the leadership we put -- that I offer you. 
Absolument. 
They don't touch the basic system itself. 
It gives you a choice. 
And I think it's a real problem that needs to be solved. 
We are very interested in the issues at stake here. 
There are a lot of places to cut. 
We can do a lot of it, but we need to have more help from our friends abroad; and these three factors, I think, will be very useful in reversing the flow of gold you mentioned. 
BRUNO: Senator Gore, you wanted to answer? 
We're going to move on... TRUMP: You know what's funny? 
Two hundred years ago, five students of William and Mary met at Raleigh Tavern to form Phi Beta Kappa, a fraternity conceived, they wrote, to search for and dispel the clouds of lies by unreservedly debating the questions of the day. 
And now they have oil everywhere, including oil, a lot of oil in Libya, which was another of its disasters. 
Mr. GORE: Jim, the question you asked, if I heard you correctly, was that he would support the law to overthrow it. 
But it is very clear that I did not agree with the Bush administration. 
Here's a place where I think our program is doing a better job than its own. 
Can you tell me, Vice-President Biden, what was the military reason to bring these troops back in reinforcement... BIDEN: The military reason... RADDATZ: ... before the fighting ended? 
JENNINGS: That may seem a good topic, Mr. Vice-President, to argue that you campaigned vigorously as part of a leadership team. 
I have a [crosstalk] final. 
I have repeatedly spoken against anti-Semitism and racism, and I believe that my dossier as a member of Congress speaks for itself on this subject. 
I try to be on my knees every day. 
Mom, as always, it was both reassuring and wise. 
We were the first to demand that there be training for the application of the law on implicit prejudices, because yes, Joe Biden and I recognize that implicit prejudices exist, Mr. Vice-President, contrary to what you may believe. 
A short answer. 
And if we reject this ability to serve as an honest broker, then we threw -- we will have thrown a strategic asset that is important not only to us, but also to Israel. 
When I arrive in Washington, D.C., as a foreigner, one of the main responsibilities I will have on my shoulder is a complete reorganization of executive power. 
And as I measure the words of the Bible - and we all do; different people measure different things - the Qur'an, the Torah, or, you know, the Amerindians who gave me a blessing the other day had their own special feeling of connection to a superior being. 
KAINE: And if — if you're afraid of having the discussion, you'll never solve it. 
And then, of course, the president fled to California and announced, well, maybe we'll have another B-1 or B-2 Bomber. 
Do you think these families are overtaxed or undertaxed by the federal government? 
I wanted to do something. 
I have a huge income. 
But I'm not going to apologize. 
Nouvelle question. 
You'd be surprised. 
A green light lights up when 30 seconds remain in a given response, yellow to 15, red to five seconds, and then flashing red means the time is up. 
I don't make bones on that. 
That's it. 
Now, given this, what will be frozen? 
I support the agricultural bill, the 1985 agricultural bill, and the spending is moving in the right direction. 
And we have a choice. 
Drummond for Vice President Nixon. 
But before I can do it, I have to challenge the Americans to change, and they have to decide. 
And I support the adoption of cleaner and renewable energy as quickly as possible, because I think we can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of new jobs and s.t. I also want to be sure that we don't leave people behind us. 
I think the General Motors thing is very relevant. 
And we're going to have a manufacturing job credit and a job hiring credit to help people be able to hire here. 
There should be a clear and unequivocal commitment to Israel. 
I also think that we should have frankly restrictions on assault weapons whose sole purpose is to kill. 
Who's gonna tell her, she can't go back to community college? 
I'm confused now. 
I'll take care of it. 
It is in fact a disagreement between us, a national law that is pending on this point, the Dingle-Norwood bill, a bipartite bill, is a bill that I support and that the Governor does not. 
I will not reduce our commitment to our army. 
And I said, you'd have chaos, because you get 55 percent of your Persian Gulf oil, and you wouldn't have the U.S. Navy there to handle it. 
Somewhere over there, there's an alien doing this to us, I guess. 
What do you think should be done about the health system? 
So what we said was that you can't just sit on it for 10, 20, 30 years, decide when you want to drill, when you want to produce, when it's the most profitable for you. 
Would federal revenues decrease? 
And he said that the video doesn't represent who he is. I think it's clear to anyone who heard him that he represents exactly who he is. 
Whenever Mr Ford speaks of a position of secrecy in the negotiations, in secret - in secret treaties that have been pursued and carried out, supporting dictatorships, ignoring human rights, we are weak and the rest of the world knows that. 
I'm for the Stealth, I'm for the D-5, I'm for the advanced Cruise missile. 
Mr. Vice-President, yes, we read your lips: no new taxes. 
It's a brutal practice. 
And I'm gonna take our allies back to the table. 
CLINTON: So we took the home page of my website, n.m., and we turned it into a fact-checker. 
QUAYLE: As you note, Senator Bentsen has not told you much about what the government has done. Dukakis would do - Gov. Dukakis, one of the most liberal governors in the United States of America The only thing he tried to highlight about Gov. Dukakis is that he cut taxes. 
The richest Americans have been taxed much less, even though their incomes have increased. 
None of them are paid. 
This economy is not growing fast enough. 
I'd like to remind the public of one thing. 
And I made it very clear to them. 
Yes, Mr. Barnes. 
Now, with regard to Afghanistan, the 2014 deadline, we agree with a 2014 transition. 
He banned Muslims because they were Muslims. 
They're not labels. 
And it was a bipartite question. 
Of course we can. 
We can negotiate a deal here. 
One in two children in Cleveland is currently living in poverty. 
Now, sir. 
I was so proud of our president in the way he handled this, and the result, so far, is excellent. 
Here are the key ingredients. High expectations, solid accounts. 
The right answer for the government is: How can we make the private sector more efficient and effective? How can schools be more competitive? 
At present, we are spending about three billion five hundred million dollars. 
This was a combination of factors, but above all a lack of leadership. 
DOLE: First of all, I want to say that the president didn't give you everything about quotas, because the Department of Justice had what we called the Piscataway case in New Jersey. 
It penalizes the family farmer. 
COMPTON: Mr.Vice-President, there are three Supreme Court judges who are in the 1980s and it is very likely that the next president will have the chance to put a lasting mark on the Supreme Court. 
And I know it's been going on for a long time. 
The governor, as you know, the question of war and peace has emerged as a central issue of this campaign in the gift and taking of recent weeks. 
Admiral Stockdale, let me say that it is an honour to share this step with you. 
These things deserve to be dealt with from day one. 
I believe that the budget can be balanced by 1982 or 1983, and that's a combination of planned tax increases that Carter has integrated into the economy, and that's what he's counting on for his plan. 
It's not in my guts. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: And if the Prime Minister of Israel called you on the phone and said, "Our bombers are on their way. 
We had four budgets, four trillion dollars in deficits. 
I'd like to see these instructions in writing. 
But now we have a chance. 
I didn't want to give Halliburton any money. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, is the war in Bosnia really over or is it going to break out once the United States and NATO troops leave? 
I think that's the best way to get there. 
We talked about it. 
A mission that isn't trying to be everything for everyone. 
It was something I agreed with... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Governor... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...that your posture. 
His son went out with a billion and a half dollars from China... 
and he does not mean law and order because he can because he will lose his radical left-wing supporters and once he does, he will end it. 
And the president and I will not rest until this playground is equal, they, in fact, have a clear blow, and they have peace of mind, until they can turn to their child and say with some confidence, "Honey, it's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay." That's what this is about. 
Even if it's legal, the perception is bad. 
These are the values I want to bring to the Presidency and the White House from January 1989 onwards. 
He and I didn't talk, and I don't agree. 
First of all, it's about greatly increasing our intelligence capabilities by hiring leading professionals, but also we've got some of the best computer and cyber-informatics employees in the world right here in the United States working for many of our private sector n.o. it involves increasing our own workforce, but striking great partnerships with some of our computer and computer experts in the private sector so that we can, in accordance with constitutional principles, bring together more e. t. the second part of this is really, really important. 
And I'll tell you what, the Treasury should demand that the money be repaid and these executives should be fired. 
But do you really have a fight with this Republican record? 
Charlie, thank you. 
It's gonna cost jobs. 
I understand, and Africa is important. 
OBAMA: The conversation I had with Joe the plumber, what I basically said to him was: "Five years ago, when you were able to buy your business, you needed a tax reduction. » 
Everyone. 
So we can fight this war, and we can win this war. 
Twenty-eight years ago tomorrow evening, Lloyd Bentsen said that the Vice-President's debate was not about the qualifications of the Vice-President, but about how, if a tragedy were to occur, the Vice-President must intervene without margin of error, without time for preparation, to take responsibility for the greatest work in the d.t. on your qualities, your skills, and your temperament equip you to enter this role at some point. 
We're selling American cars in Japan now. 
TRUMP: ... $200 million is spent, and I'm either a winner or a tie, and I've spent practically nothing. 
The other day, I saw Donald say that there were Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off Iran, and they laughed at American sailors who were on a nearby ship. 
He was hoping to close his eyes. 
We should encourage him. 
Experience is important, yes. 
You cannot do this from here and the fact is that we can create 700,000 jobs by building 45 new nuclear power plants by 2030. 
And I am convinced that the alternative proposals that I have, that Republicans have in the field of health, in the field of education, in the field of well-being, because they are not extreme, because they will accomplish the end uh - without too much cost in dollars or at liberty, that they could go through the next Congress. 
PENCE: Eliminate Iran's nuclear weapons program? 
It's not a fact. 
You know, I've heard Hillary complain about so many different things over the years. 
We settled the trial with zero without admitting guilt. 
And my plan says why not pass 1. 
It only requires a yes or a no. 
OBAMA: In fact, most recently, the Ohio and Midwest steel mills -- Pennsylvania -- are now able to sell steel to China because we have won this case. 
Mr. Vice President, 30 seconds. 
Let me tell you something, Joe. 
If you report your income tax return, you will not receive any relief from the marriage penalty. 
So you got what you want, and you shouldn't? 
I thought we fixed this a while ago. 
What are you gonna do? 
It's 1. 
I mean, you have to worry about it. 
What's going on up there? 
It's your tax money that's wasted. 
I have not heard how his policy in Afghanistan is going to be different from that of George Bush. 
Hello, Joyce. 
And I probably think it's not quite excited to have the rest of our country see what the real reasons are, because it must be something really important, even terrible, that he tries to e. d. financial disclosures, they don't give you the tax rate. 
You said we should still have troops in Iraq to date. 
Please give three cases where you realized that you had made a wrong decision, and what you did to correct it. 
And I want to thank the University of Denver. 
The United States is a strong country. 
If the question -- maybe I -- is wrong. 
I have already said, I repeat: I believe that the President has broken faith with the American people in the way he led this nation to war. 
The government is a kind of campaign funding. 
You got your last degree in your class, not the first in your class. 
Too many people have been left behind. 
I'm glad you thought I was a standard carrier four years ago, but I wasn't. 
What this means is that we do not do what we have done, that is to say, "Until you agree to do exactly what we say, we will not have direct contact with you." 
It's very important to me. 
There's still time to fix it? 
I also proposed a voluntary national test in fourth and eighth grade, and a form of test that the governor did not approve. 
Mr. GIBSON: Mr. President, a minute and a half. 
And there is, so much confidence has collapsed as a result of the change of government. 
The first thing we do is invest in manufacturing, infrastructure and research in tomorrow's clean energy jobs. 
Now I am very surprised that Senator Kennedy, who is a member of the External Relations Committee, made such a statement. 
And if you look, with the exception of Abraham Lincoln – possible exception, but with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, no one did what I did. 
How would you implement these plans in addition to increasing the military pay, without going against your commitment to tax restrictions? 
There is no greater return to the economy or society than a secondary education system. 
And I had to deal with these crises as best I could. 
Yes. 
They buy America cheaply. 
STOCKDALE: The vital element of our economy is investment. 
Does that solve the problem, governor? 
He gives power to people, he trusts people, he does -- and it's a practical way to encourage people to buy health insurance. 
I just -- I think there was -- some scientists, I think, Mr. Vice-President, haven't they changed their views on global warming a little bit? 
On the first day, Joe Biden will repeal this tax bill. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President. 
But, remember, Donald started his career in 1973 by being sued by the Department of Justice for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his African-American developments, and he made sure the people who worked for him understood that it was politics. 
How would you help solve this problem? 
President Clinton addressed this issue when he said, "Bring her, don't stop her." 
WELKER: I still have a question — 
We must therefore, in my opinion, have a radical simplification of the basic health insurance policies of this country, be very comprehensive for everyone. 
He was in the state by saying that, in the Midwest states. 
That's exactly what Kim Jong He wants. 
And we have to give them a chance. 
I know something else. 
But we don't need to have - the growth of spending that will throw the lid and add to the problems of inflation. 
A journalist will ask one candidate a question, a follow-up question, then the same to the other candidate; then each candidate will be able to refute the other. 
In addition, some experts have told me that the things he most fears might not be as dangerous, according to some scientists. 
WALLACE: Let me... TRUMP: ... in many cases, in agreement with ISIS, and we now have them in our country, and wait until you see -- it will be the great Trojan. 
Could I be a little more specific, Mr President? 
Now, General Petraeus praised the successes, but he said that these successes are fragile and if we had set a specific date for the withdrawal -- and by the way, Senator Obama's initial plan, they would have been out last spring before the push had ever had a chance to succeed. 
He's talking about numbers. 
I want to make sure that the Iranians are sufficiently put - that we have put enough pressure on the Iranians by joining our allies, imposing significant and severe sanctions to change their behaviour. 
This does not include additional control over unnecessary spending, the elimination of obsolete or obsolescent programs. 
We entered a new project called project XL. 
I just think that free business can produce the things people need better than government. 
Of course I do. 
Let me make this comment. 
Maybe he's getting royalties. 
And the answer is, yes, if I'm president, America will be very strong. 
But I know, Senator Biden, that you respected him for that, and I respect you for recognizing that. 
I think this is such a big question, because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. 
I cost the cost of the democratic platform. 
And I'm a great promoter. 
This did not defeat the two men he opposed, but it raised questions about the roles of the Church and the State. 
Governor Michael DiSalle said the same thing. 
So I have the last question -- last answer -- GROWTH: (Inaudible) in the follow-up, it doesn't work quite like that. 
The Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. 
Elected to the United States Senate when I was 33. 
DUKAKIS: I say that those of us who are elected to positions of political leadership, Jim, have a particular responsibility, not only to design programs, and I have described in detail the very important, very strong enforcement program as well as the prevention of drug education. 
The world is better without Saddam Hussein. 
The decline in our cities has been accelerated by the continued increase in crime, strained racial relations, the decline in the quality of public education, the persistence of abnormal poverty in a rich nation and a decline in services to the public. 
I remember going to Del Rio, Texas. 
They are certainly small business people and others, and they understand this responsibility. 
But I also know how to lead these alliances. 
We cannot be afraid, as we have done with the threats and campaign rhetoric that are taking place in this campaign, our elders - let them think that somehow they are in danger and that they would have no place to turn. 
It's called China. 
RADDATZ: Please listen on October 19 for the final presidential debate that will take place at Nevada University, Las Vegas. 
You're the one who talked about... GORE: Now, I'll let you talk. 
Those people who say they're not indebted, they can barely pay to fill their gas tank. 
While she was Secretary of State, the Clinton Foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars from foreign governments and s. w. foreigners, you all need to know there, these are basic things. 
Uh, I agreed to give the interview to Playboy Other people have done so that are Governor Jerry Brown, Walter Cronkite, Albert Schweitzer, Mr.Ford's Secretary of Treasure, Mr.Simon, William Buckley, many others. 
Am I personally attacked? 
I'm not talking about Whitewater now. 
Whatever you mean, say it. 
I'll tell you that we're going to work right now and we're going to work together, and we can do them all, because that's what America has done. 
He was referring to your performance in the campaign. 
That's what we're talking about. 
We were together at a humorous event a little earlier, and it's nice maybe this time, not on purpose. 
In the election of 1960, and with the world around us, the question is whether the world will exist half-servant or half-free, whether it will go in the direction of freedom, in the direction of the road we take, or whether it will go in the direction of slavery. 
But they worked hard eight years ago. 
But the president mentioned a few other ideas that I'm just going to note. 
Should they pay more for social security if they get more than they paid for, are they high-income people? Yes. 
Because in today's industry, we produce more, in recent years, and 12% less energy than we were in 1973. 
Four trillion dollars for Medicare over the next ten years. 
I won this election. 
The reason he wouldn't meet President Obama is because President Obama said we're going to talk about denuclearization, we're not going to legitimize you, we're going to continue to impose stronger and stronger sanctions on you. 
I think we can do better if we have the courage to change. 
LIEBERMAN: Before I answer this very important question, let me first thank you for leading the debate. 
We must continue our activities and we believe that we can do so safely in an environmentally friendly manner. 
CHENEY: Classic example. 
Well, that's the only protection the taxpayer has against some of those reckless pig programs up there, and I'd rather be able to align it just out of there and pass some good things but leave the garbage. 
And the interesting place-one of the things that fascinates me about this perestroika and glasnost is that wheat will happen in Eastern Europe. 
Let me recall that its Congress - the Democratic Congress - has cut $80 million from the Vote of America's credits. 
Actually, we're all Americans. 
If we do these things, we can build this bridge until the 21st century. 
REAGAN: Mr Kalb, I think that what has been greeted as something I am supposed, as President, to discuss as a principle is the reminder of some philosophical discussions with people who are interested in the same things; and it is the prophecies throughout the years, the biblical prophecies of what would bring the coming of Armageddon, and so on, and the fact that a number of theologians over the past decade or more have believed that it was true, that prophecies are approaching this. 
Unfortunately, Governor Romney's plan does not. 
I firmly believe in local control of schools. 
And so what I tried to do as president is to apply those same principles. 
By prior agreement between the two candidates, the first question is addressed to Senator Quayle, and you have two minutes to answer it. 
Thank you. 
You talked about it the last time, you talked about a risky plan and Vice-President Gore repeated it ten times in St. Petersburg. 
And although we've heard a lot about Wall Street, those of you on Main Street I think they've been fighting for a while, and you recognize that this could have an impact on all sectors of the economy. 
I'd like him to say it -- be a little more frank. 
If you're going to die, you don't have to go through this 10-year cycle that the FDA is going through with new drugs. 
Russia, two minutes, Senator Obama. 
Similarly, we are thinking about this in terms of quality of life, which means interest rates. 
So I really know how to work to get new jobs and exports that have helped create more jobs. 
There's a law in Congress to do that. 
And let me tell you what the record shows. 
I'm happy to talk about the foundation. 
I would say that Eastern Europe is the vulnerable zone of the Soviet Union. 
And I will speak to Anthony Baldi with a question for Senator Kerry. 
- Oh, no, that's not -- GORE: Don't change the subject -- BRUNO: Let's go. 
And that was my first look at Black Lives Matter. 
This is what really happened in Afghanistan, whatever the pink scenario they paint on Afghanistan, as they do with Iraq. 
I want to revive the American economy. 
But let's go back to what Governor Romney said, that under his plan, he could cover people with pre-existing conditions. 
And he threatened Ukraine... 
They have a lack of credibility around the world. 
The problem I have with Perot's prescription is that almost all the economists who looked at him say that if you reduce the deficit so quickly, it will increase unemployment, it will slow down the economy. 
Better skills and abilities, but also better alliances. 
What about you, Mr. Perot? 
And with regard to our attitude towards the Iranian revolution, I was very clear about the deadly activities that had taken place and that were contrary to international law and to everything that civilized people. 
"Colossal mistakes." 
See, if I say anything, it's gonna be misinterpreted. 
Look, he said many times, 30 years of that and 30 years of that. - So, let me talk about my 30 years in the public service. 
NOVINS: - you suggested that the interest rate reduction would help - KENNEDY: No. 
When the president, I jump a little, don't I? 
And eleven of them have been overtaken. 
Joe wants to buy the company he's been in for all these years, worked 10, 12 hours a day. 
PENCE: The Seventh Circuit...KAINE: We have different views on refugee and immigration issues. 
These maps were collected and then given to me this afternoon. 
This will allow three minutes and twenty seconds for each candidate's summary. 
John Kerry and I think it has to be doubled. 
If we take your advice on how we change our tax codes so that businesses that earn profits abroad do not pay U.S. taxes compared to businesses that pay taxes here. 
We believe it is important that older people do not suffer this winter, but we must embark on a plan to develop our national energy resources to produce more supplies, and this administration has not produced them. 
It has been approved by all the main trade unions as well as, as well as a wide range of other people who in fact are involved in the medical field. 
I was sitting on the other side of the table by people who were not at work and who worked with them to try to find a new job or to help them through difficult times. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Please indicate your position on the time limits, and if you are in their favour, how are you going to have them adopted? 
Because the fundamentals of the economy were weak even before the last crisis. 
A lost life is too much, Susan. 
He passed a tax bill that gave us all these privileges for depreciation and tax credits. 
Republicans and Democrats have come together and said what can we make our public education the best in the country? 
My attitude is you haven't seen anything yet. 
Senator Obama said it would be provocative. 
But I will say that we are not doing the work we should do. 
No, this war is a matter of using all the goods at our disposal to keep the American people protected. 
It has supported deregulation almost everywhere. 
And I love mine. 
IFILL: Governor, senator, none of you really answered that last question about what you would do as Vice-Chair. 
And we have an unemployment rate of 35 percent in many parts of the country among construction workers. 
Is that the school thing again? 
I think at the time, the mistake that was made was to sign the agreement late Saturday night in the middle of the night. 
But John McCain, if I understand correctly -- I'm not sure, but I think John McCain and the governor don't support that. 
And thirdly, we must be a force for freedom and democracy and we must use our unique position to support freedom, whether in Haiti, China or elsewhere, wherever the seeds of freedom grow. 
You're wrong. 
The President is not quite right. 
Hello. 
Look at the mess we're in. 
She doesn't even know who the rebels are. 
There's a terrible demand for them abroad. 
And thank you, and thank you, my friend. 
Besides that, what did he do? 
PENCE: – your green New Deal, your massive new mandates, your Paris Climate Accord, it's going to kill jobs this time like it killed jobs in the last administration. 
They teach them. 
I supported Headstart, I think we should look at him. 
What about global warming? 
I don't have CAP money in my campaign. 
We have doubled it on research and on all other aspects of it. 
There is no ceasefire in Bosnia. 
Governor Carter, earlier this evening, you said that America was no longer strong, that America was no longer respected. 
Bill Clinton and I believe that the United States of America has the brightest days to come, and we will see them even brighter if we promote diversity and harmony among all our peoples. 
For example, schools, they need a lot of money to open up. 
Number one, insurance companies cannot refuse coverage because of a pre-existing condition. 
Now, at his press conference on August 24, President Eisenhower was invited to give an example of a great idea of yours that he adopted. 
How will your administration address diversity, inclusion and what role will positive action play in your overall plan? 
What more can we accomplish? 
Gwen, I don't know where to start. 
I didn't tell the candidates or anyone what they are. 
These are very clear differences. 
Go back to when he was, what, the Texas director for George McGovern. 
We mourn the loss of these four murdered Americans. 
Then please. 
You have severely criticized President Carter for helping to undermine two dictators friends who have been in trouble with their own people - the Shah of Iran and President Somoza of Nicaragua. 
(Shouts and applause) Because I would say: It's a stupid idea, and now let's put an end to that. 
Seventy-five per cent of them have been brought to justice. 
I'm talking about your president. 
The army is a disaster, John McCain, no heroes, generals need to be fired, and I know more than they do. 
It helps Americans deal with opioid overdoses. 
We all thought there were guns there, Robin. 
That's the kind of leadership I want to provide. 
But it's not $650. 
He believed until the day he died -- no, it's true, he died last year -- BROON: I'd ask the audience to stop, please. 
And my judgment is that they don't want to give up their freedom to become communists. 
It also means that we can target things more easily and move forward faster, which means that we need to be lighter, faster and easier and more highly trained. 
Mr President, I suppose the Americans all know that these are difficult times and that there is no "pie in the sky" and that they expect nothing for nothing. 
Who built the cages, Joe? 
We vote on resolutions. 
I don't have foreign lobbyists on leave in my campaign. 
And there are a number of things. 
KERRY: I think the President made a huge mistake, a catastrophic mistake, not to comply with his own standard, which was: to build a real global coalition, to give inspectors time to finish their work and to go through the UN process to its end and to go to war as a last resort. 
Now you're saying you're going to do it because you're all talking and no action, Joe. 
Approximately 15 percent of hospitals and nursing homes say they will no longer take patients under this scenario. 
That's why he wouldn't meet us. 
And you go first, sir. 
Imagine this is your opening day. 
Today, there has been a key vote on a new Supreme Court judge Amy Coney Barrett, and health care is at the centre of her confirmatory fight. 
GORE: I think he has a -- oh, I'm sorry, you're right, go on. 
It's a lot more than $18 billion in pig bar expenses. 
PAGE: Thank you.Thank you, Senator Harris. 
I'm saying the only thing you have on me is experience, but it's a bad experience, because what you did went wrong. 
So, do you support the Green New Deal? 
(Laughter) But my question to you is, so -- if you have nothing to say about it, well, I'm going to go to Governor Clinton, but -- PEROT: I'll let the American people decide that. 
Thank you. 
Is that still the case? 
I am the only one on this stage that has personally pursued everything, from child sexual assault to homicide. 
I hate to interrupt you, but at some point... 
How do your three terms in the House of Representatives accumulate against such experience? 
We could allow our troops to be defensive and absorb these blows over and over again, if Pakistan does not want to cooperate, or if we have to start making decisions. 
RADDATZ: I want to move on, and I want to go home for these last questions. 
Mr Greenberg, I think my opponent in this debate tonight does not take into account another very important fact. 
The consequences of the defeat, which would result from his withdrawal plan and according to the certain date, whatever the conditions, according to our military leaders, according to each expert, would lead to defeat - possible defeat, loss of all the fragile sacrifice that we have made of American blood and treasure, which afflicts us all. 
They're all the United States. 
Donald Trump is committed to re-establishing this nation's borders and securing our country by enforcing our laws. 
We should fundamentally change the system and that is what I am going to do. 
GORE: I think Mr. Kemp inadvertently made a mistake in saying that President Clinton called for a reduction of -- to 6% or whatever you said. 
Ask the question, two minutes to you, Senator McCain. 
I think it needs to be removed from the budget and protected. 
Now, let me correct another comment that Governor Carter made. 
I could've gone on forever. 
The transmission rate to teachers is very low, but I want to open schools. 
But federal spending on education is on the rise, and I want to be the president of education, because I want to see us do better. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, do you agree with this argument that in order to solve the problem of civility, the problems of the American soul, it is necessary -- it is an economic problem more than anything else? 
In the past, we have always had the ability to have a strong defence and also to have a strong national economy, and also to be strong in our reputation and influence within the community of nations. 
These schools belong to you. 
If you change your job, you'll be covered. 
And I think you should first -- I should understand that the question that concerns you is whether I understand your problem. 
And I would introduce the same kind of procedure as the President, not only in judicial appointments, but also in diplomatic appointments. 
There aren't any. 
Tell it to anyone who understands how democratic capitalism works. 
We can certainly afford 5% of the $25 trillion that goes into the Consolidated Revenue Fund for workers who pay the bills. 
I think we should have federal liability protection, depending on whether the standards have been met or not. 
I'm not forcing you to do anything. 
It's a whole thing that requires some sacrifice, but not excessive, and we're ready to move forward in -- on a 5-year clip to get back where we can start again and get -- making this nation recover. 
They thought they were going to have peace - it brought war. 
In fact, I'm trying to reduce the size of the government. 
And I just want to say that this debate is kind of a living tribute to Mel Carnahan because he loved the vigorous discussion of ideas in our democracy. 
The federal government is increasing about 6% of the money. 
The Senate was right because it knew the lesson of history. 
The HUD department applies the new law that applies to outlaws, which deals with redline. 
I like optimism in this painting, because that's how I feel about America. 
Here, a very small investment of the taxpayer's money - in housing can bring a lot of additional jobs, and mortgage guarantee, and, uh - by offering uh-two-two programs for the housing of the elderly and so on to reduce the unemployment by about 20 percent that now exists in the - construction industry. 
Then I will ask follow-up questions to facilitate a discussion between the candidates. 
We don't know anything about them. 
Governor Dukakis second. 
There were discussions in Congress about debt forgiveness. 
He has just declared him dead, ladies and gentlemen, and we have moved away from the work of 160 nations for 10 years. 
They had the choice to negotiate discounts in Medicare's prescription medication bill to be with the American people or with the pharmaceutical companies. 
Instead, we need to put insurance plans, suppliers, hospitals, doctors on target so that they have an incentive, as you say, return pay, to do an excellent job, to keep costs down, and that happens. 
That's a very important question, Bernie. 
Our schools are improving, and our schools can be even better with the right type of community leadership and partnership at the school level. 
COOPER: In the past... TRUMP: And, again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. 
But we must enforce the laws, what we do, and we must also ensure that, in all stages of life, we do not tolerate discrimination. 
It's pretty easy to do if you just have to take a $30 billion tab to defend your country. 
So let me say, I think we're gonna win this election. 
Obviously, the Gordian knot must be broken in one stroke. 
We have integrated the system at huge costs because of our litigation practice. 
You've been charging for months that mail-in voting is going to be a disaster. 
We must see the facts before we can draw any conclusions from them. 
And so that Mr. Carter suggests that I want to remove the safety laws and those that relate to clean water and clean air, and so on. 
He speaks of peace and I am grateful for peace. 
I'm not a doctor. 
(LAUGHTER) To stand straight and not scold. 
(Laughter) QUAYLE: Let's talk about -- GORE: Well, he said he would -- BRUNO: Let him speak, senator. 
Questions over the next 90 minutes will come from citizens of the greater San Diego area. 
I want to make sure people understand that the president is proposing a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage that is completely useless. 
I would therefore like to ask you, if you are committed to publishing specific forecasts within two weeks, so that voters can absorb and understand them and analyse them, showing exactly what these problems you mentioned this evening - on energy, on defence, on cities - how these impacts on inflation, and what inflation is really going to be over five years. Miss Quinn, I would be very happy to accept the challenge of your question tonight, to tell voters in this country exactly what I think it will cost, because I think that too often in the past elections politicians have simply promised people things they cannot deliver. 
We heard tonight, for example, the statement that our national product growth last year was the weakest of all industrial nations in the world. 
We're talking about these two paths. 
I am for free trade philosophically, but I have studied these trade agreements until the world is dead, and we do not have good trade agreements around the world. 
I sat on the Committee on Foreign Affairs for a decade. 
Number two, we are taking some programs that we are doing to maintain, like Medicaid, which is a programme for the poor; we will take this health care programme for the poor and we are giving it to the states to operate because the states manage these programs more effectively. 
We better have it right now. 
Now, at the August post-convention session of Congress, when you at least held the possibility that you might ever be a Speaker and when you had overwhelming majorities, especially in the Senate, you could not get a decision on these bills. 
And as a result, our universities are now more diverse. 
And we knew the limits of their nuclear energy. 
The overhead is overwhelming. 
In fact, I made my intentions -- I made my point clear. 
And I admire that. 
We left in the morning, we went to the airport to leave, and later in the day, I discovered that the same day, not far from where we were, the Sbarro Pizzeria was hit by a suicide bomber in Jerusalem. 
They hurt people. 
So you're thinking, why didn't they do the right thing? 
We abandoned him. 
President, minute and a half. 
The second thing we can do is to offer a level playing field. 
I've been governor of a small state for 12 years. 
SCHIEFFER: The next question for you, Senator Kerry. 
But why wouldn't everyone have a choice. 
But I do not want to have, with all the problems this country has and all the problems you see happening, hundreds of thousands of people coming from Syria when we know nothing about them. 
Tipper and I were good friends with Mel and Randy, and I know we all want to express our sympathy and condolences to Jean, the family and the Sifford family. 
The governor was for a nuclear freeze that would have locked in a thousand Soviet intermediate nuclear weapons and zero for the West. 
Thank you Barbara (just audible). 
So let me say that. 
This is an essential element that we have understood well. 
In addition to this, we have just passed a comprehensive small business reform that allows small business people to take 401K plans for themselves and employees and much easier for employees to do it from one job to another. 
I was surprised by the creativity and innovation that exist in the American people. 
The program - the Javits-Nixon program or the Nixon-Javits program - would have cost, if it were fully used uh - six hundred million dollars by the government per year, and six hundred million dollars by the state. 
What happens to ordinary people? 
But they must have a strong base economy and if you're in debt, it's like having a ball and a chain around you. 
That's a good point. 
He didn't pay any taxes. 
This - what we see happening in Syria is heartbreaking, and that is why we are going to do everything we can to ensure that we help the opposition. 
I'll have an ethics office at the White House that will be under the personal concern of the president. 
And how would this help to identify terrorists who have no operational connection with a foreign terrorist organization? 
President Bush, can we start with you? 
Throughout my career in the public service, I fought for the workers and women of this country, middle-class families. 
I trust the people. 
We will start working on the first day in the Dole-Kemp administration. 
I believe that this President, unfortunately, has precipitated us into a war, has taken decisions on foreign policy, has pushed back alliances. 
Are they intolerant of religion? 
We need to provide health insurance for people at an affordable rate, and that's what I did. 
First year... OBAMA: ... 
I didn't say we had the worst education in the world. 
But there are two main focal points of this election. 
I'll give the president some credit. 
It was a glorious day. 
Maybe I'm trying to save money. 
We can work on nuclear power plants. 
And we must have smart and fair trade agreements. 
And the question is this. 
Their streets, their schools are like war zones. 
It was a tragic mistake that we made, a mistake that Mr Bush and others made and that should never be made again. 
And we didn't touch him. 
Mr. Trump, thank you. 
And where I come from, overseas, that is, Lake Superior, Canadians, they've lowered their tax rates to 15 percent. 
Can I comment on this? 
It is as valid as saying that one should be black to despise racism, that one had to be feminine to be terribly offended by sexism. 
But you know what? 
So, Mr. Trump... TRUMP: And we should move on to much bigger and much bigger things. 
Mr President, in 1997 we repaired health insurance, and I was one of the people concerned. 
GORE: I'll be happy to -- QUAYLE: I want to go back and make a point -- GORE: Well, you asked me the question. 
And as to whether or not, when the votes are counted and they are all counted, it will be accepted. 
Mike Pence... PENCE: Absolutely... KAINE: ...has set up a program to keep them out of Syria. 
DUKAKIS: 25 December, Mr. Vice-President. 
Three years. 
What -- what is your specific plan for seniors who really can't afford to compensate for the difference in the value of what you call a bonus support plan and others call a voucher? 
In fact, in the previous administration, with all their problems, they created 10 million jobs. 
Look, we're in a situation in our country where if we come back right now, we could find another system. 
I have avoided, I am afraid, in my previous answer, also the idea of inequality, yes. 
It's very important. 
One of the commitments I made was to deregulate the country's main industries. 
There's going to be a need for each of us to start thinking about how we use energy. 
LOOMIS: Mr. Anderson, opinion polls show that the American population considers inflation to be the country's number one economic problem, but, as individuals, it opposes the remedies that harm it personally. 
And that would mean a religious test for the first time in American life. 
I mean, we thought we'd do more. 
All right. 
IFILL: New question, similar subject, because I want to go back to a question I'm not sure we have an answer to. 
The president relied on Afghan warlords and he outsourced this work as well. 
She said, reading is the new civil law. 
There is therefore no relationship between taxation and fiscal balance. 
I understand you've returned a room. 
This is one of the reasons why I worked so hard to provide better health care to people, because what I saw in the way of poverty there, and the lack of medical care, and trying to see it turned around; why I worked so hard on the welfare reform bill - to give them a chance to break those cycles of poverty, a chance to make progress in life. 
Governor Bush, Norma Curby, has the following question. 
We can do it. 
What is this for you, Governor Palin? 
This is Secretary Clinton's two minutes, please. 
It is not a recipe to ensure that we take advantage of the opportunities and challenges of the Middle East. 
And I don't agree with them. 
How are we going to raise taxes to help the farmer? 
But you talked about Soleimani. 
Because I compensate for certain reductions with the deduction of certain deductions. 
We turned him into a weakness. 
Senator Harris conveniently omitted, after the Speaker commented on the people on each side of the debate on monuments, he condemned the KKK, the neo-Nazis and the white supremacists and did so on several occasions. 
I mean, there were documents released this week that the CIA actually made a reference to the FBI documenting that these allegations came from the Hillary Clinton campaign, and of course, we all saw the avalanche with that, what you passed the country, for the best part of three years, until it was found that there was no obstruction, no collusion, closed case. 
We had inflation of more than 12 percent, we were on the brink of the worst recession in the last forty years, we were still deeply involved in Vietnam's problems. 
Mr. Vice-President. 
We didn't listen to the crowd of nuclear freezes. 
Because once the winner is declared after all the ballots are counted, all the votes are counted, that will be the end of it. 
KRAFT: Ah - Governor Carter, ah - in the history of nearly two hundred years of the Constitution, there was only, uh - I think that's twenty-five amendments, most of them on issues of the broadest principle. 
I support clean coal technology. 
He's one of your own counselors. 
In other words, there is growing public confidence in the strength of this economy. 
But if you think you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you do and bring them to our country without tax, you're g.d. once you say you're going to have to tax them by entering, and our politicians never do, because they have special interests and special interests want these companies to leave, because in many cases they own businesses. 
We have a duty to protect our children and grandchildren. 
And we are -- people in the non-professional category who have had enough of this terrible thing that has happened in this country. 
I want to compare what we do with what our opponents do, so by 1970 the United States is ahead in education, in health, in construction, in homes, in economic strength. 
We have seen the creation of 10.5 million new jobs. 
It's extremely risky. 
I just want to say one thing now, Ross, in fairness. 
We are not perfect as a nation. 
In fact, your question raises an issue that I am very pleased to highlight. 
What does that mean? 
The situation is that if I were to be the president of that country, or the responsibilities of the president of that country, would I be able and qualified to do that? 
Fifty times, we have deployed troops all over the world. 
But, governor, when you were in Massachusetts, small business development ranked about 48th, I think of 50 states in Massachusetts, because the policies you promote do not actually help small businesses. 
He was prosecuted by the Department of Justice for racial discrimination in his buildings. 
To think that Sam Nunn of Georgia or Colin Powell helped bring the coalition together in the Persian Gulf were not even consulted. 
We had a strong international coalition raid on them, effective economic sanctions, and a very robust inspection regime was in place under the auspices of the United Nations, and he was able to do a good job of suppressing the ability to build weapons of mass destruction, the work he had done that had not been destroyed during the war with biological and chemical agents, and a nuclear programme. 
Schools, how they can make classrooms smaller, how they can hire more teachers, how they can put ventilation systems in. 
You said the same thing, you're going to simplify the tax code, expand the base. 
I will fill the gaps that encourage businesses to go abroad. 
I carried out the first bombardment against northern Vietnam. 
Mr. Kraft, I strongly disagree with your assessment. 
Mr. GIBSON: Mr. Speaker, I want to follow up on this, because there have been several questions from the audience along this line. 
What would you do next? 
She said that I wanted at that time, that I was going through this difficult time, that I had advice to talk about post-abortion trauma, and to talk about adoption rather than abortion. Because if I had had this talk, I would have had the child. 
When I walk around Lester, I tell you that, I've been everywhere. 
Well, you establish respect for differences. 
And I didn't see anything, with respect, about your network about my point of view on agriculture, and I didn't read anything in any newspaper. 
In some of the discussions we had about when it is appropriate for the United States to use force around the world, sometimes the standards you set gave me the impression that if it's something like genocide taking place or what they called ethnic cleansing in Bosnia, it wouldn't be the only one, it wouldn't be the kind of situation that would make you think that the United States should get involved with the troops. 
But it doesn't do the job. 
Now, Mr. Reagan mentioned that he had made economic forecasts over five years, which he did, but that he did not contain any inflation figures. 
He's talking about my mother and my father. 
It was collapsing. 
We have moved from the first to the thirteenth in salaries in the world over the past twelve years, since Mr Bush and Mr Reagan entered. 
Governor Romney, pay equity for women? 
Being a mother, being a person who is very concerned about a son in the war, about a child with special needs, about children going to university, how are we going to pay these tuition fees? 
It is five pages of leaders, world leaders, that Soviet leaders have met, and they are not small people. 
Chris, Chris. 
Mr. Kosberg, where are you? 
Mr Landon ran in 1936 to repeal it. 
(Laughter) BUSH: I see a young man who was elected to the Senate twice, to the House of Representatives twice. 
This is part of the choice in this election. 
Vice President Gore? 
We haven't done this yet. 
Ninety-nine senators from the United States voted in their favour. 
Do you have a plan to reunite the children? 
We do not work alone with the government, but we all work together. 
Absolument. 
First of all, a few followed by last week's Vice-President's debate. 
The United States is leading the free world out of the recession that was severe a year, a year and a half ago. 
I'm going to work with the Democrats and Republicans to reform the system. 
I think we all remember with a little sadness that at the end of the 1940s, at the beginning of the 1950s, there were indications that the United States would not include South Korea in an area of defence. 
He didn't fail to serve. 
Remember the last time you said that? 
I have personal problems with the national debt. 
The more I got the dryer, the more the well became and it seemed to me at the end that it was going to dry the social security. 
Secretary Clinton, we're moving. 
I do it because it is the responsibility of leadership, I do it because we have to solve this problem together. 
The president sometimes reminds me of my brother Kenny, who is no longer alive. 
ROMNEY: I think from the beginning, one of the challenges we have had with Iran is that they have looked at this administration and felt that it was not as strong as it should be. 
One thing, Lester. 
But now we have a very good concept called competitive strategies. 
And I think we used our skills. 
We repeated that message when we went to Los Angeles. 
Senator Harris, it's a privilege to be on stage with you. 
This is the worst trade year in American history by far. 
He doesn't want to recognize... PENCE: I just did. 
Congressman Ferraro. 
You have provisions in the tax code that, frankly, we could change. 
And when I went to Israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. 
ISIS has its headquarters in Raqqa. 
We all met General Allen and General Scaparrotti in Afghanistan to talk about the fighting seasons. 
Vice President Gore, a minute. 
At the same time, the unemployment rate remains high, as is the rate of inflation. 
It was a terrible time for our country. 
They therefore proposed a reduction of $478 billion for defence. 
It's hard to believe, 500 is like it's supposed to be good? 
You know, it's hard to try to love him as much as I can, knowing that the decision I made made made him suffer. 
Today's living Americans have fought harder, paid a higher price for freedom, and done more to advance the dignity of man than any people who have ever lived on this earth. 
And your plan is to take the tax rate on successful small businesses from 35 to 40 percent. 
He did not understand that Russia had committed serious aggression against Georgia. 
But when I was in this little church across the Washington River and saw our grandson baptized in our faith, I was very happy that the mother did not abort this child, and put the child for adoption. 
I would like to say to Mr Bush, although I have profound differences with him, I honour his service to our country. 
Today. 
Let us take advantage of the energy resources we have, as well as the energy sources for the future. 
By the president with five powers - four or five powers - and he has only very limited powers today, neither the company nor the union would be sure what power would be used; and therefore, there would be a greater incentive on both sides to reach an agreement themselves without taking it to the government. 
WALLACE: What about President Trump's argument that environmental and economic interests must be balanced? 
And I had conversations with him. 
The future of the things that matter to you -- in terms of civil rights, what kind of Department of Justice you will have, if we are going to enforce the law. 
And if you look at him on Thursday, Friday, Saturday this week, you'll have more. 
It is important, however, that we use all the tools at our disposal to avoid the scenario where we have to make such choices. 
What do you need to do and what can you do to prevent the Philippines from becoming another Nicaragua? 
And the reason, one of the main reasons why we are in the difficulties we are in today is because spending has become out of control. 
What exactly would an intelligence surge look like? 
You had credit agencies that assimilated it as big A1 investments when they weren't. 
They're going after me, Bill's going after me to "read my lips." When I make a mistake, I'll admit it. 
But by speaking clearly and sending messages that we mean by what we say, we have affected the world in a positive way. 
We are in favour of same-sex married couples enjoying the same constitutional advantages as heterosexual couples in terms of property rights, access rights, insurance rights and property rights. 
That is a principle that — Senator Kaine — and I am very kind about it, because I really respect you — is a principle that you adopt. 
GORE: It's one of my top priorities, Jim, to provide affordable health care for every child in the United States over the next four years. 
It extends the Administration's commitment. 
Okay, I want to talk about your different strategies to deal with this. 
And of course, this debate is also taking place at a time when the tragedy of the USS Cole is on our minds and hearts and as the memorial service is tomorrow, I would also like to express my sympathy to the families of those who have died and those who are still missing, as well as to the wounded. 
And the strategic question that the President must ask himself is not whether or not we are using a particular approach in the country once we have made the decision to be there. 
You pay for that. 
That's something we're paying now to have a safe retirement, and our parents and grandparents will have a safe retirement. 
First, we must learn from the past, because we cannot afford to make the mistakes of the past. 
Today, hundreds, thousands of good and decent people, whole cities here in this state are affected because they would not move in a timely manner. 
And we should expand our markets abroad. 
You don't buy a gun. 
I'm so sorry. 
But I hope to have a full responsibility on my shoulders to help establish a fair criminal justice system and also to put an end to the division that occurred in our country following the Vietnam war. 
Can you add five seconds, Bernie? 
The candidate who was a candidate for the position of President of Brazil took a trip to Cuba to call Mr. 
For me, these are jobs. 
In schools, bureaucracy is bad and autonomy is good. 
Grenada has been a moment of pride because we have defended democracy. 
With respect to John McCain's adherence to the rules and regulations and the imposition of even more difficult and harsher regulations, that is another thing he is known for. 
I believe that decisions should rest in the hands of States. 
We can get them out of Iraq for training purposes. 
And I will be a president who will turn our inner cities around and give strength to people and give economy to people and bring jobs k. e NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disastrous trade agreement in world history. 
By the way, I'm gonna say this, if you're gonna see what happened in New York, it's a ghost town. 
It happened long before I arrived in Washington, D.C. 
In time. 
PENCE: What we're dealing with is — you know, there's an old saying that the Russian bear never dies, it only hibernates. 
HARRIS: No, I – Susan, I – It's important – 
I was not put on the ballot paper by either party; I was not put on the ballot paper by CAP money, by money from a foreign lobbyist, by special interest money. 
It would be rather difficult to cover them in eight minutes and- in two and a half minutes. 
This begins with an increase of $1 billion for men and women wearing uniforms. 
I do not agree with the leaders of my own party. 
Despite what Senator Harris says, the average American family of four had tax savings of $2,000. 
Thirdly, I would say this in relation to this report, with regard to the Gallup surveys of prestige abroad and everything we have heard about 'what about American prestige abroad': America's prestige abroad will be just as high as America's spokespersons allow. 
Remember that Texas? 
You want to answer that? 
There is no actuarial balance, and that became evident about 16 years ago, and some of us then issued warnings. 
Tonight, we talked about the national force. 
Why do so many Americans think Mr. Trump is just too erratic? 
And so, we need to introduce high technology into health care. 
We both believe that -- and that goes to the end of what I just mentioned -- we both believe that marriage is between a man and a woman. 
It will grow at a record rate of growth. 
Al Gore and I will guarantee social security and add the retirement savings plan I mentioned earlier, which will help middle-class families look to the future. 
The Arab boycott was initiated for the first time in 1952. 
Under the Soviet weapon, with the Soviet troops there, it is in a very difficult position to take something independent, a position that would be independent of the Soviet Union. 
$1 billion has been cut. 
And I believe that by eliminating ten million taxpayers over the last eight years, and imposing a heavier tax burden on those in higher tax brackets, plus the other measures that have been taken, we can provide taxpayers with adequate tax relief. 
We have to work with the police. 
I signed a bill that puts CHIPS in place. 
I work in the financial field, I advise pensioners, and I am personally concerned about three major areas. 
I remember flying to Bangor, Maine, to say thanks to the reservists and guards travelling abroad from Tennessee and North Carolina, Georgia. 
I think my plan is better. 
The drug reduction card now available saves between 15% and 30% of the cost of prescription drugs for seniors. 
PENCE: But there is one — there is one reason why people question Hillary Clinton's reliability. 
And, by the way, it also includes families with special needs. 
And when they made this horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they are doing something about North Korea. 
Bob Dole said in February of this year that it is the strongest economy in 30 years. 
My primary school best friend is a computer software vendor and he told me the last time he changed employers it took him nine months to figure out how to transfer his 401K plan. 
As Vice-President, I think he was the most effective Vice-President in the history of the United States and he has the right program to use the prosperity that all the American people have earned to help middle-class families who work hard to raise their children to live better. 
My parents came to this country as immigrants. 
We had dozens of officials in this administration who left in a cloud, who left with the special prosecutor in their arms, were charged, convicted. 
And we have serious problems with our conventional forces right now, and they will get worse if we don't have a president who is willing to make some of these decisions. 
And, I mean, Hillary Clinton and Senator Kaine — God bless you, career officials, who are great — Donald Trump is a businessman, not a career politician. 
And many companies that are already here, they will go to other places. 
You're my priority. 
PENCE: First, we must commit ourselves to rebuilding our military forces, including by modernizing our nuclear forces. 
It's called "Stronger Together." 
And it could be a federal law? 
It's not government money, it's your money. 
We need to have more community health centres. 
One in six is gone. 
That is why I do not think that we should give nearly half to the richest 1%, because the remaining 99% have much to do with building the surplus in our prosperity. 
And that's one of the reasons why we've had the biggest drop in the crime of any industrial state in America; why we have the lowest murder rate of any industrial state in America. 
So the fact is that sometimes I've been wrong about your policies for George Bush's policies is because on the fundamental economic issues that matter to the American people, on tax policy, on energy policy, on spending priorities, you've been a strong supporter of President Bush. 
TRUMP: No, I want to give them better health care at a much lower price, because Obamacare is not good. 
A very current and difficult issue. 
It was Hillary Clinton who worked with Russia to get them to engage in a community of nations to stop Iran's nuclear weapons program without firing a t.e. Don't go around renting Vladimir Putin as a big guy. 
Let's talk about this at 20%. 
What is so bad about the governor being a member of an organization that has come to defend, among other things, Colonel Oliver North? 
As a result, we have experienced almost ten years of instability. 
Our country has problems. 
DUKAKIS: Andrea, why do people who want balanced budgets or to reduce the deficit always go to programs that tend to benefit people with very modest means? 
EDWARDS: We are committed to reducing everything that needs to be reduced in our programs to get us back on the path to financial accountability. 
It was a tragedy, Martha. 
It's my policy. 
We have no more complicated or correlative foreign relations with China as the next subject. 
Why not? 
He imposed the individual freedoms of the people, and there are more of those things that could be resolved by the people themselves, if they were given a chance, or by the levels of government that were closer to them. 
The second area, taxation, we agree, we should cut tax rates. 
We have created 23 million new jobs. 
DUKAKIS: Yes, I was very specific about that, John. 
I think so. 
And Michael Feinberg, too. 
How would you replace him? 
You were calm when your kids were fired from school and you didn't know when they could go home? 
And they all jump through hoops for AOC+3. 
Jim, let me make a point. 
The facts are — I said I was hoping it would be a good deal, but when it was negotiated... TRUMP: No. 
We have the highest level of taxation since the Second World War. 
We can certainly find common ground to reduce the number of abortions in America. 
You just said better. 
In my opinion, this will mean a completely different way of life for people who relied on the insurance plan they had in the past. 
Isn't this really a rotten case and does not your administration bear the greatest responsibility for it? 
I think militarily we are as strong as any nation on earth. 
Otherwise, the world won't be better. 
To publicly report that Russia had bonuses on the heads of American soldiers, and you know what a bonus is? 
Why does MITI - their trade organization - call on all Japanese companies around the world to exceed as much as possible the environmental standards of each country in which they operate? 
And health insurance. 
Governor Reagan, yours is the last word. 
Only in this way can we persevere. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: A new question, Mr. President. 
But I can tell you this: if the drugs were legal, I don't think he'd be alive today. 
That's where it came from. 
It's important. 
You have to look at what he did. 
MCCAIN: Energy -- well, first -- second, energy independence. 
PENCE: – And this is exactly the kind of growth that we will continue to see as we bring our nation through this pandemic – 
I'm against quotas. 
I stood up to Russia. 
How do we protect our people? 
It'll help the jobs. 
If you are a parent and you find it difficult to obtain health insurance for your children, Senator Obama will fine you. 
Merci encore, Bob. 
Like any other private person, unless they're stupid, they go through the laws, and that's what it is. 
And I think most of our employees -- that's why we had a 25% tax reduction that kept the same progressivity of our tax structure in parentheses. 
Mr. Hankins? 
She wants 550 percent more than Barack Obama, and he has thousands and thousands of people. 
The armed forces, the conventional forces of the United States, have never been so ready. 
The person responsible for domestic economic policy in my administration will be Bill Clinton. 
Ohio ? 
I wanted to hitchhike at his house in his tank with him. 
It is very important for Americans, Whites and Blacks, Jews and Christians, immigrants and natives to sit down and talk and begin to understand what it is like to come from this different perspective. 
What's wrong with a little flip flop from time to time? 
It was nice. 
It will last 90 minutes according to a format and rules developed by the two campaigns. 
Dick Cheney, Joe Lieberman, you're black for this question. 
What he says is that we will return to the proud tradition of the United States of America and the Presidents of the United States of America for 50 to 75 years. 
In other words, a president must make choices. 
Jim, we have the ability to do both. 
There is no magic bullet -- Secretary Cheney, in this question for you -- no magic bullet to solve the problems of public education. 
This Detroit response... GROWTH: I'll leave you absolutely... 
The European Community is able to pay much more than it has done in the past. 
It is finally a decision that nationalists should take and I think we should consult them and try to draw up a plan by which the line is drawn on the island of Formosa. 
You suggested... EDWARDS: No, sir, I didn't... CHENEY: ...in a way they shouldn't count, because you want to be able to say that Americans take 90 percent of the sacrifice. 
CLINTON: Well, that's the problem: it sounds great, but there's a reason for 500 economists, including seven Nobel laureates and business periodicals like Business Week, and even the friends of Senator Dole, Senator Warren Rudman, former Republican Senator of New Hampshire, to say that this is not a practical program. 
I think if you asked most people in America today that famous question Ronald Reagan asked, "Are you better today than you were eight years ago?" Most people would say yes. 
And you talked about making tough choices, so maybe I can get you to make one of those hard choices. 
We have organized diplomatic demonstrations with the Cambodian Government through the United Nations. 
And I can assure you that this administration will follow this high moral principle in our future foreign policy efforts, including our efforts in the Middle East, where it is of vital importance because the Middle East is the crossroads of the world. 
So, what exactly do you mean, and can you explain the kind of court you think this country should have? 
What I didn't do — I never had to tell my daughter if she stopped, make sure she put both hands on the top of the wheel for a traffic stop. 
He doesn't understand how borders work, obviously, to say that. 
I would ask the public not to applaud. 
Let me give you another example. 
When Mr. Ford became president in August 1974, the first thing he did in October was to demand a $4.7 billion increase in taxes on our people in recession, since the Great Depression of the 1940s. 
Mr Ford's environmental agency planned an unemployment rate of 10% in 1978 if he is president. 
I helped balance the budget for the first time in 30 years, to pay off the debt. 
I propose to spend $1.6 trillion on defence by the year 2002 and there is less than 1% difference between my budget and the Republican defence budget. 
No, it was -- we put on the American flag. 
Explain what a brown field is for those who do not follow it. 
There are 3.5 million more women living in poverty today than when the President took office. 
We demanded that the American people sacrifice, and they did very well. 
You will have the choice of whether America will choose the road of Michael Dukakis or the road of George Bush as we walk around the 21st century. 
An earlier coup de change determined that the first question would come to the Democratic candidate. 
All I can say is that what we need here is not just high hopes. 
That's why the National Federation of Independent Enterprises said your plan will kill 700,000 jobs. 
It's a danger. 
No member of the public knows if he or she will be called. 
Hillary understands it very well. 
This is the wrong way. 
John continues to tell us that the central war on the front of terror is in Iraq. 
And it's about immigration. 
We could follow Bowles-Simpson as a model and take the deduction by deduction and make differences in this way. 
If I may, I want to go back to your last question. 
No, and Dr. Henry Kissinger in particular. 
He talks to the workers. 
And yet this same committee, of which I am the chairman, was handicapped by the fact that we did not have the right funds; we do not have the right powers; we do not have the right staff. 
And I want to continue these tax cuts for middle-class families, and for small businesses. 
That's why I'll never stop at anything to track down and kill terrorists. 
Now, with respect to my feeling about why I thought his case was about his ability to bring us back to the same things we knew under the previous administration, his case is that he spoke many times in praise of deficits, said that they should not be abhorred -- that, in fact, he said at some point that he wanted the deficit to be doubled, because they stimulate the economy and help reduce unemployment. 
Thank you, Jim, and Mr. President. 
But I wouldn't say that five banks are too big to fail and give them a blank check. 
And they're massacred... WALLACE: Yes. 
Can you see the list again? 
He said, I have a secret plan, and then he said, Um, I know more than all the generals on ISIL.- And then he said, I'm going to call the generals to help me find a plan.-- And finally he said, I'm going to shoot all the generals.-- He doesn't have a n.t. he has dangerous ideas. 
When we went to downtown Los Angeles, some of you may remember the riots there. 
And as I said, there's no evidence that classified information was in the wrong hands. 
Because in the last four years, they've been buried. 
My name is Ben Smith. 
My plan has five basic parts. 
He said beauties. 
KENNEDY: Yes, I think the next president of the United States should make a final effort to reach agreement on the termination of the tests, number one. 
And he did it brilliantly. 
Tonight. 
But I think that now is the time to heal our country after the Vietnam war and I think that what worries people is not the forgiveness or amnesty of those who evaded the project, but - but whether our criminal system is or not - is right. 
I tried so hard not to. 
You said it on tape. 
The problem is precisely specified. 
It's not really that. 
I'm not going to raise taxes on the middle class to pay for these programs. 
Vice President Biden, allow me to get you involved in this conversation. 
He refuses to put anything -- the control of these crazy trials. 
Each candidate will have 90 seconds to answer a direct question, followed by an additional two minutes for rebuttal and follow-up. 
It is -- with some sadness that I am referring to the fact that, the day after Senator Dole entered the bill, he announced that he was changing his position and that he was here, and that he would then adopt Senator Dole's position to put an end to any positive action. 
Senator Bentsen and I have a plan for the 1990s and beyond. 
And this is perhaps the biggest statement in terms of business, it's the biggest statement. 
The commander-in-chief held demonstrations in half the world at another time. 
What I said was that I'm not going to put in place a tax reduction that adds to the deficit. 
After September 11, we had to look at the world differently. 
And there's this model that hit him in the primaries and now trying to get him in both directions on all these issues. 
Governor Carter complains about the deficits this administration has had. 
Gentlemen, once again welcome and good evening. 
I think that all these elements should be examined in detail to ensure that no one will get tax relief; to ensure that no one moves away from paying the taxes they should pay. 
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. 
We'll have nine different segments. 
You understand telemetry and encryption better. 
Like I've seen abortions sometimes used as contraceptives, for heaven's sake. 
Financial institutions for community development are also included. 
And as they went down, the deficits started their big increase. 
It works, and we will continue on that same line. 
I would work to that end, and that is what my Indian friend has repeatedly opposed, voting after having voted. 
He attacked the journalist who wrote the story, called it "disgusting," as he called it a number of women during the campaign. 
The secret of Senator Obama that you don't know is that his tax increases will increase taxes on 50 percent of small business revenues. 
However, we won't be part of a good elimination plan -- the good said, "Mom, when you're 65 -- when you're 65, go there, buy the best insurance you can get. You're out of health insurance." 
You must be able to trace. 
Our last question is from Soma Golden, and it's addressed to Mr. Reagan. 
It's a major war explosion in a warhead. 
When you stop and think we're only drilling on 2%. have rented only 2% of the possible amount. When you stop thinking that the government has taken over 100 million acres of land out of circulation in Alaska, alone, that geologists believe to contain a lot in the line of minerals and energy sources, then I think it is the government, and the government with its own restrictions and regulations, that creates the energy crisis. 
The only good schools -- (APPLACEMENT.) 
Explain why. 
We can do better, and we must. 
The most recent and troubling of these events was Russia. 
More than 115 million tests have been carried out to date. 
Number 2, as far as social security is concerned, this program -- many of you may not know -- produces a $70 billion surplus per year. 
It's Tim. 
That's part of what I'm fighting for as President of the United States. 
The threats we face: terrorism, killing terrorists and stopping them before they can damage us, ensuring that we stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons. 
I see. 
Okay, you're the moderator. 
And then all over the world name the best people we can get, ambassadors who can speak the language - not only - not just people who have made a political contribution but can speak the language. 
After 11 September, when the 28 NATO nations said they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism, something they continue to do with us. 
They are small businesses that compete with each other and learn how to make better and better jobs. 
I think it is outrageous that the Social Security Disability Insurance Fund finds cheques that go every month to tens of thousands of people who are locked up in our institutions for crime or mental illness, and that they receive social security disability cheques every month while a state institution provides all their needs and care. 
Are you planning incentives to encourage us to take care of ourselves rather than depend on government and social security when we retire? 
Congressman Ferraro? 
I think John McCain called the energy bill "No lobbyist left behind." 
That's why I'm so strong for responsibility. 
Mr. FARLEY (spoke in French): Mr. President, as we continue to provide the police around the world, how do you intend to maintain our military presence without re-establishing a project? 
I made it clear. 
But all I suggest is not to be naive in the face of the Soviets and to make a lot of unilateral cuts hoping against the hope that they will match our offer. 
- Well, thank you. 
This is in America's national interest, and it will be so as long as I'm president. 
The real interest rate is what you pay when you go down and try to buy a TV or buy a car, or do anything. 
The safety net is there, and we take care of more people than any administration in this country has ever taken care of before. 
Our economic future depends on whether or not our children will get the kind of education that will allow them to go to university. 
It was one of the largest sources of proliferation in the world today in terms of the threat that was represented by that. 
As for being weaker, the fact is that I took the lead with Putin and told him clearly that we are not going to take his stuff. 
I fully understand the threat. 
Are we better off when we think our human rights values are greater? 
Engaging them in the administration of government and the sense that they belong to the societal structure that makes decisions within the judiciary and the executive is a very important commitment that I am trying to achieve and that I will continue to make in the future. 
And she wrote a lot about it. 
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were. 
I was known for having a syl-a-blue or two myself, you know, if you know what I mean. 
We're ahead of schedule and we're going to get the additional 80,000 police officers on the streets over the next four years, and 45,000 of them are now already funded. 
Candidates cannot question each other directly. 
We have established a national cap on health care costs related to inflation and population growth by health care providers, not by the government. 
And I suggested that if it's an insurance program, certainly the payer should be able to name his own beneficiary. 
They start from a much lower base. 
He said he would work through a real alliance. 
No refutation. 
He said, "Me too." 
Well, all I can suggest is that all the experts who have studied the program indicate that it is the most fantastic program, the worst one, as far as its effect on farmers is concerned, that America has never done so during an election year or any other time. 
And it continues to evolve, and it evolves in favor of life. 
In [crosstalk]? 
In 1980 or 1979, a person with a fixed income of $8,000 was $500 above the poverty line, which may explain why there are still numbers in poverty. 
And it's to make sure the education system works. 
Recycling these products, then returning to the pockets of American workers by reducing their tax payments. 50% social security tax payments. 
I do not understand why this President does not want to attack Putin when he pays bonuses to kill American soldiers in Afghanistan, when he engages in activities that attempt to destabilize NATO as a whole. 
I have appointed a four-star general who led our efforts south of the border to prevent drugs from entering the country as the tsar of our country's drugs. 
And you're ready to do it... both of you. 
He suggested that you are -- you bear some responsibility for increasing drug use among teenagers in the United States. 
I am Dorothy Ridings, President of the Women's Electoral League, the sponsor of this last presidential debate of the 1984 campaign between Republican Ronald Reagan and Democrat Walter Mondale. 
Of course, the greatest threat of all is Iran, four years closer to a nuclear weapon. 
But it seems to me that you have raised a very important point that needs to be addressed. 
Veterans who sacrificed for this country. 
To listen to them. 
She wants open borders. 
Proud boys. 
Vice President Biden? 
CLINTON: Well, as he was talking, I was thinking of a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla, who is very worried that her parents could be expelled, because she was born in this country but they weren't. 
We must practice what we preach. 
I think that, of course, she is a competent politician who, I think, excited the -- a base in the Republican Party. 
Mr. TREWHITT (spoke in French): Mr. President, if you have the record of the disappearance in the action you want from North Vietnam - or Vietnam, I am sorry, now would you be ready to reopen negotiations for the restoration of relations with that country? 
First of all, of course, I want to thank Belmont University, Tom, thank you, and all of you who are participating tonight, and those of you who have e-mailed questions. 
We will never succeed in Iraq if the Iraqi citizens do not want to take control to protect themselves. 
Now they can blame other people, but it's time to find someone in Washington who's going to work with the Republicans and Democrats to do positive things when it comes to our elders. 
I don't have a tax reduction on a scale you're talking about. 
But if I found someone who had a conflict of interest who would try to do something illegal as a foreign lobby -- registered, the laws cover that. 
Donald Trump and I will never support legislation that punishes women who have made the heartbreaking choice to end a pregnancy. 
What about the more than 40 million young Americans who don't have health insurance right now? 
If the candidates exceed the allotted time, I will reluctantly, but certainly interrupt. 
That's the discipline we need, and I'm working for it -- to protect the U.S. taxpayer from the big spenders. 
Yeah, we're for contras. 
This means that our border patrol will be more likely to focus on their work. 
For example, we have a gross national product of about five hundred billion dollars. 
Mr. Bush, I am not questioning your patriotism. 
That's what a chief executive officer does. 
I doubt I recognized him this year. 
We owe 20 trillion dollars, and we're in trouble. 
I said that the E-Verify part of Arizona's law, which is - which is the part of the law that says that employers might be able to determine if someone is here illegally or not, that it was a model for the nation. 
You respect the Americans when you tell them the truth. 
I agree with her on one thing. 
The vice president's right, by the way. 
- me, or your own eyes? 
Well, I was gonna get you to do the rebuttal on it, but you're moving on. 
Most recently, President Rabin said that our relationship was never better. 
You want a bigger navy. 
And yes, I went back to Washington, and I met my Republicans in the House of Representatives. 
Mr President, you said, "This is it? 
I'm for getting rid of the death tax, completely rid of the death tax. 
You wouldn't have understood that by listening to Mr. Mondale. 
And yet this man, the governor, has assimilated the president to a rotten fish. 
Mr. Kondracke, your question to Mr. Mondale. 
Each school and school district, each state must test the children. 
We must fight for our economic freedoms and national security. 
This was a new negotiation because, as I said, President Ford was less than 10% of an acceptable solution. 
They don't exactly give you a right account, just so you understand. 
And that's what she's not saying, is that tens of thousands of people who are incredibly happy and love me. 
This is one of the most important issues of this election. 
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, gentlemen, if h. s. concludes the debate. 
These 120,000 families earn $8 million a year. 
First of all, never return to the embargo on democratic cereals, to the liberal embargo on democratic cereals that hit the markets under our orders and made me tell Mr Gorbachev when I was here, how do you know that you are reliable suppliers? 
After firing James Schlesinger, the political heat became so great that he added about $3 billion. 
And do not doubt the extent of this crisis. 
I do not think we should grant social benefits to illegal immigrants. 
And Iran kills ISIS. 
Mr. Perot, you have a minute. 
Some of the world's largest assets, real estate anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, many different places. 
Vice President Pence, more than 210,000 Americans have died of VOCID-19 since February. 
He doesn't understand that. 
BUSH: Well, I don't think it would be appropriate for a president to suggest that the banking system is not healthy. 
No HMO or insurance company can take these choices away from you. 
I think one of the characteristics of my relationship in Austin, Texas, is that I've had the ability to work with Republicans and Democrats. 
I very much doubt that Dan Quayle was the best qualified person for this position. 
It will work, and when it works, Mr President, I know you will congratulate me. 
We will not stop until the entertainment industry stops marketing its products to our children. 
Try to be honest. 
Civil rights are for us as long as it's voluntary. 
What could the next president do in case of an event like Little Rock or the lunch sit-ins? 
She doesn't. 
Okay, OBAMA: And so... ROMNEY: It's -- it's a big subject. 
Selection according to the merit of judges is therefore the most important criterion. 
But in the final analysis, in the final analysis, the person goes into this voting booth, they will say, â ¥Who has the values in which I believe? 
For me, it was so hurtful. 
That's double the amount my predecessor has increased VA funding. 
Everything else is behind this. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, first question. 
This is our second topic tonight, it's the role of the Vice-President. One of you will make history on January 20, you will be the vice-president of the oldest president of the United States. 
It's not like you want to close the loopholes. 
Again, it's only a difference of opinion. 
We are improving security at the borders of the United States. 
They didn't do anything for them. 
In 1980, the same person was $500 below the poverty line. 
CLINTON: I did not do so in the first debate, and I will try not to do so in this debate, because I would like to answer the questions that people presented here tonight to talk to us. 
My father was a truck driver who bought the truck and started a business. We need more truckers to become truck owners and they can't do it if they don't have access to capital and seed corn for the next generation of truck and jobs for America. 
But the facts matter, Martha. 
PENCE: The Trump Foundation is a non-profit organization. 
He's making millions of dollars. 
So the answer is I could do it. 
Your initial answer was contrast. 
Wait, wait, let me finish. 
He was trying to get rid of the sanctions for one reason: he wanted to relaunch his weapons programs. 
We can't take care of them. 
I'd like to stay here and promise a tax cut to the American people, as Governor Reagan did. 
New question, President Bush. 
It is the bipartite bill that is currently pending in Congress. 
It is the potential of the American people to rise and not have their lives under the control of the United States Government and Washington. 
What about the prices you pay? We note that the prices you pay have increased five times more in the Truman administration than in the Eisenhower administration. 
Through the play of a coin, Governor Carter will answer the first question. 
On the other hand, I do not think we have reason to believe that the dimensions of this crisis are as large as the savings and loan crisis. 
That is why we lose — we lose — we lose everything. 
America will have that kind of leadership and continue to promote the principles of peace to make a world a safer place and to make people in that country more confident that their future is secure. 
The parents were ripped out — their children were ripped out of their arms and separated. 
Our opponents have the idea of privatizing social security which will compromise social security payments to beneficiaries. 
Must be a man's test. 
Gentlemen, we are going to arrive at your economic plans in a moment, but first, Mr President. 
Have you ever done these things? 
That's right, thanks for that. 
It also reads all kinds of things in my tax plan and in my health insurance plan. 
And I was there. 
We can do what we did with Guatemala. 
No, I think the debate should be between you and Lloyd. 
And Maliki and Talabani also working with us know again that we are approaching this point, this victory that is in sight. 
But we have to keep moving without killing the engine and throwing people out of work. 
The Soviet Union has committed itself to the greatest military construction in human history at the same time as we have tried the policy of unilateral disarmament, of weakness, if you wish. 
I'm for the right, as the governor says, I'm a sportsman and I don't think you should eliminate all kinds of weapons. 
Let me give the president an e.o. 
And, Alan (ph), thank you for your question. 
Five hundred thousand children lost programs after school because of your budget. 
I think that in this twenty-first century we will soon see the consequences of what is called global warming. 
Personally, I do not believe that the federal government must fund abortions, but I - I draw the line and do not support a constitutional amendment. 
I'm a grandfather now. 
President.' 
I think the Americans are, too. 
And the domestic sources that are cleaner and better. 
We had the slowest growth, about 2.5 percent. 
But I want to be a president of the United States who makes sure that we never do business again with a Panamanian dictator who runs the drugs, that we never get help with contras through convicted drug traffickers again. 
I do not think the surplus exists because of the ingenuity and hard work of the federal government, I think it exists because of the ingenuity and hard work of the American people. 
I am the product of this and I want to help achieve this dream for every citizen of this country, with good work and good wages, with good schools in all regions of this country and in all communities of this country. 
What about Medicaid in the states? 
When they first proposed - when the MP had his first coupon program, the CBO said it would cost $6,400 a year, Martha, plus for each senior, 55 and under, when they got there. 
And I think that when the President said that he was going to create the light of day between us and Israel, they also noticed that. 
They don't even fight to achieve these goals. 
It's not able to be used because we're going to take every car driver in America, the 110 million cars, and charge them 17, 20 or $25. 
Maybe. 
We were able to ensure that billions of supplies were delivered so that our doctors and nurses could have the resources and support they needed. 
As the President said the other night, there will always be problems in this world, but the United States of America can count on them to give the vision that the world expects from the United States of America. 
What role should the Federal Government play in reducing the growth in the number of people living below the poverty line, which now stands at 35 million in the United States, and in helping to solve the structural problems of unemployment referred to by the President in an uneven recovery? 
You see, we have a debt of 4 trillion dollars and only in America, you would have 2.8 trillion dollars or 70% of them financed 5 years or less. 
It's the Affordable Care Act. 
This is a heartless approach to the working families of our country, which is typical of many Republican leaders of the past, but, I think, has been accentuated under the leadership of Governor Reagan. 
I note that Governor Reagan recently mentioned Reagan-Kemp-Roth's proposal. that his own racing companion, George Bush, described as a voodoo economy, and said it would result in an inflation rate of 30%. 
BIDEN: I exclude the ban on fracturing because the answer we need — we need other industries to move to, finally, zero full emissions by 2025. 
I support... MCCAIN: An overwhelming vote. 
LEHRER: Good evening at the Mahaffey Theater at the Bayfront Center in St. Petersburg, Florida. 
Because this is the most we can do to do difficult studies to get to know the extent to which racial profiling occurs in our country. 
Of course, we have to cut spending. 
When this report came out, Al Gore and I told the entertainment industry to stop. 
The American people do not know what these commitments are. 
My apologies. 
The Governor may not have heard my criteria for the selection of a Vice-President, but it was a well-established criterion that the person I chose would be fully qualified to be President of the United States. 
By 1965 or 1970, will there be other Cubans in Latin America? 
We believe in a strong middle class in this country. 
The figures show that 1.6 trillion dollars goes to the big tax cut that, as Al Gore said the other night, sends 43% to the top 1%. 
BUSH: What bothers me is that when I talk about the voluntary sector, about a thousand points of light and a thousand different ways to help solve these problems, man has just said that he doesn't understand what I'm talking about. 
And there are eight other categories that should not have weapons. 
We have people who are political pirates negotiating our trade agreements. 
Two days ago, we ate lunch in a restaurant. 
Governor Carter indicated in November 1975 that he wanted to cut the defence budget by $15 billion. 
It's a great honour for me to be here as a Republican candidate. 
I just want to start by asking you both, and Mr. President, you -- you're going first this time. 
All right. 
Of the fullness of the heart, the mouth speaks. 
Are we dangerous? 
When this field is online, it will produce one million barrels per day. 
Their choice. 
Thank you, Mr. Hilliard. 
The Soviet Union cannot accept an inspection system. 
Take a look at West Virginia, the mailman sells the ballot papers. 
As part of this $600 billion increase, the programs I promised to the American people would be adapted. 
He said, "I wouldn't move the sky and the earth to get bin Laden." 
The man-t who cultivates tomatoes - it costs less for these tomatoes than it does for the label on the box. 
In the past, there were no problems in the selection of panelists. 
CLINTON: I will be the president and we will. 
That is why faith in the United States is pure and unpolluted by the intervention of politicians. 
We have inflation because the government is living too well. 
We couldn't do it, because I wasn't enforceable. 
You said you considered abortion a murder, but you would make exceptions in cases of rape and incest. 
They were going to give, his administration was going to give masks to the teachers and students of the school, and then they decided no, could not do that because it is not a national emergency. 
I support him and the island of Pescadores. 
There are two very different issues here, and they need to be dealt with separately. 
I'll start with you, Governor Palin. 
You have two minutes. 
Of course, I talked to people like Joe the plumber and told him I'm not going to spread his wealth. 
I want the spectators to listen to what I have to say about it. 
I think it's very difficult. 
We have always been willing to go further in negotiating disarmament or in any other area. 
If you had told me I was going to do this 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very d.t. that's the kind of thought our country needs. 
I met a lady in Colorado Springs about seven weeks ago now. 
And everyone knows that, including very liberal people who cried in my office – they cried in the oval office. 
That's because it's from you, not you. 
I think, for example, take -- when they took 40 million acres of land out of circulation without consulting local officials, I thought it was -- MODERATOR: Was it in the west? 
I told people that it would be impossible to verify the facts all the time Donald. 
We criticized this, but 85 percent of the American people supported our rescue mission, and we turned a communist country into a non-communist country. 
Whether it's 6 or 5, but it seems like it's $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country, and that's really a shame. 
A record is never something to hold. 
But all I want is to go very fast... ROMNEY: Let's go back to health insurance. 
I also did everything I could at every moment of division in this country, after Oklahoma City, when these churches were burned, to gather people and remind people that we are stronger because of our diversity. 
But if you just said, you didn't promise any change, does it mean you're going to leave that as a problem, another problem for our kids to solve? 
Thank you, Vice President Pence, your time is up. 
President Trump released the US army, and our armed forces destroyed ISIS's caliphate and shot down their leader al-Baghdadi without a single American victim. 
We're spending money on reconstruction. 
There was a very big peak in Texas, he's now gone. 
As President, what would you do, in particular, more or differently to increase the internal security of the United States compared to what President Bush is doing? 
Yes. 
I went to school here, promised allegiance to the flag. 
That would have been inconceivable ten - fifteen years ago, so that we would be left on our knees with an Arab oil embargo. 
I mean, very sincerely, but I'm trying to make a more important point. 
Thank you, sir. 
I have to put it in perspective. 
I don't control it. 
RYAN: Republicans and Democrats...BIDEN: When we did Reagan, we said, here -- these are the things we're going to cut. 
We've returned $5. 
It's money in people's wallets. 
I want 100% of the American people to have a bright and prosperous future. 
We've increased them in China to 50 percent. 
I wouldn't have voted in favour. 
And I know how difficult it is for an army and an army to recover. 
We are the second largest state -- the agricultural state of the country. 
Now, by highlighting things that are not right, I think we should focus on America's strengths. 
Margaret Warner for the vice president. 
That's not true. 
GROWTH: And because I'm optimistic, I'm sure the candidates will force it by keeping their answers concise and on the point. 
I've done a study on this, they're ineffective. 
Is that your intention? 
My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my businesses. 
There's just a difference of opinion. 
You know, two decades ago, it was the routine for the leaders of foreign countries to come here and say that you have to do something about these horrible deficits because it causes huge problems for the rest of the world, and we have been taught all the time. 
It is a joy to serve with a president who does not apologize for the United States of America. 
We are the most competitive country in the world now, and then we fight to open these markets and try to make the sale, and that's what our commercial ambassador our trade secretary and all the other members of our administration are trying to do. 
Hon.Biden: Yes, you know, until two weeks ago -- two Mondays ago, John McCain said at 9:00 a.m. that the fundamentals of the economy were solid. 
He said, "I told him to stand up and stand ready. 
Does that tax 97 per cent of American companies? 
And there's an example. 
That's what John McCain has known for all these years. 
We must be, because we have troops on the ground and because they have created a safe haven for terrorists. 
And we start with Admiral Stockdale. 
And then in these nations, and on Arab television, you said that America had been disdainful and derisive. 
It's their ingenuity, I agree with that. 
Is that the kind of leadership we need? 
But let us also add that no one should disagree on the respect of the rights of young men living in these neighbourhoods. 
And they don't want this new mortal effort to bring weapons into the sky. 
RONNEY: Well, first of all, I want to stress the same point as the crazy President, that if I am President of the United States, when I am President of the United States, we will be with Israel. 
Give me a chance to do this. 
I think that's one of the things people don't like so much about the media in this country, Susan. 
The Ayatollah sees that there are 50 percent fewer oil exports. 
I told him about the best way to speed up the exploration of natural gas in Mexico and transport it to the United States so that we would become less dependent on foreign sources of crude oil. 
The federal government has not hired our teachers. 
First, he clearly has a litmus test for his judges, with which I disagree. 
So -- but, look, you're not interested in hearing politicians point their fingers. 
I wake up every day thinking about the best way to protect America. 
Why did it happen (inaudible)? 
NIXON: Mr.Howe, Senator Kennedy, my American colleagues. 
Mr. GORE: Of course, and again -- no, I don't think that was taken into consideration. 
Mr. President, why don't you get on with it quickly, please? 
Now there was a second phase in the Iranian case in which we had something to do with it. 
Dean Acheson, George Marshall were strong secretaries of the state, excuse me. 
RYAN: Is it a good idea to spend taxpayers' dollars on electric cars in Finland or on wind turbines in China? 
Two days ago, at the Oval Office, I met with Iraq's Finance Minister. 
The president's preferred question is: Are you comfortable? 
He made it very clear. 
Shouldn't we have a Marine detachment guarding our ambassador in Benghazi, a place where we knew there was an al-Qa'idah cell with weapons? 
This is where the vast majority of people get their health e.d. The Affordable Care Act was supposed to try to bridge the gap between people who were too poor and could not put in place resources to pay for health care, i.e. people under Medicaid. 
There's not a single U.S. diplomatic representative in those six. 
Abraham Lincoln is one of the most racist presidents we've had in modern history. 
But let me talk to you for a minute about what we did to avoid secrecy in the Ford administration. 
But I think the Americans know the answer. 
But I do not believe that conservation alone is the answer to the current energy problem, because all you do then is to avoid, in the near future, the day when you arrive at the end of the energy supply. 
When you talk about all this — all these unfounded rumours about Russia and the rest, Hillary Clinton — you asked the trustworthy question at the very beginning — the reason... QUIJANO: Governor, your two minutes are over. 
The whole story tells us it's a mistake. 
It should not be thrown into a category of 47 percent who do not pay their taxes while there fighting and not having to pay taxes, and in one way or another not to take responsibility. 
And for them to be able to provide nuclear technology to non-state actors, that is unacceptable. 
This plan also provides tax relief on the sale of a home, up to $500,000 free of income tax. 
Now we're back from this abyss. 
There will be hundreds of experiments on the 22 lines that now exist that are active, and we hope to find a cure. 
Linda Grabel's over here. 
He's holding it. 
I thought it was a mistake. 
If you are able to vote early in your state, vote early. 
And Joe Biden wants to return to economic surrender to China that when we took office, half of our international trade deficit was with China alone. 
We have to deal with the threats before they are fully realized. 
President Trump – 
And this law died in committee also because of the same kind of opposition. 
Well, you'll have a chance when your rebuttal time comes, perhaps, Mr. President. 
The last point is that the major push must be to get people back to work. 
They delivered what they called malaise. 
The only thing we will try to do is reduce costs so that these savings are passed on to you. 
Ann Groer is going to ask. 
I hope Mr Ford doesn't either. 
Let's say community health centres. 
That's really all we can do. 
We don't support it. 
I will never let these troops fall, and I will hunt down and kill terrorists wherever they are. 
We have been challenged, and we have taken up these challenges. 
FORD: In November, you will all make a very, very important decision. 
My name is Tressia Sanders. 
"We will eliminate ISIS." 
It's just reality. 
The idea that he is part of the legislative branch is a strange notion invented by Cheney to amplify the power of a unitary executive and look where he brought us. 
DUKAKIS: No, I'm not sure I can promise it; I don't think either of us can really do it. 
I think character is a very important issue. 
This looks like real progress here, because we have had a big difference on the safe use of nuclear energy for our energy base. 
I don't think it's in the interests of the American people. 
Once my plan is in place, the richest Americans will pay a higher percentage of taxes than today, the poorest Americans, six million families, will not pay any taxes at all. 
(Laughter) BRUNO: The only thing I would like to ask you, gentlemen, is that when we get to the discussion period, the one who first talks is attentive to others, because you tend to do calculations. 
If they could not resist Howard Dean's pressure, how can we expect them to resist al-Qa'idah? 
and Governor Ronald Reagan of California, the Republican Party presidential candidate. 
So, it's a pipe dream, but you know what we're gonna do? 
Let me tell you who the jury is. 
But the first - forgive me - the first time we entered, we entered at their request because the war continued in Beirut between Israel and PLO terrorists. 
Then I will encourage a discussion between the candidates with follow-up questions. 
It's pretty important. 
My family and I are very happy to be here and I want to thank Jack Kemp for the answer he just gave. 
DOLE: Well, there were good pictures, but does it fall into this category? 
It is clear, as we have heard, that you both have major political differences. 
The other day, General George Brown, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, expressed his views on a number of sensitive issues, including Britain, one of the country's oldest allies. 
And over the last two years, we've had tax cuts on average income on the Congress table and they wouldn't - they haven't been accepted by Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich, because they said they wouldn't pass them without cutting them deep into Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
That's not the position you took. 
And we're gonna need a new commander-in-chief to rebuild military power. 
Now, must be other factors involved for me to want to be involved. 
I was talking about early childhood education for underprivileged little children. 
You were a city councillor and mayor. 
We are taking advantage of our energy resources. 
And we should rule against these violations of civility when they occur. 
We had the opportunity to campaign across the country and meet so many of you in communities, states and regions to meet you. 
They're the best workers in the world. 
Now, in the short term, we must free ourselves from the domination of the large oil companies that have the ability to manipulate OPEC's price when they want to raise the price. 
The people of the coal industry feel that it is crushed by your policies. 
Let me say the first -- this case about the right he tried to describe about saving, you know, the corresponding savings here and the corresponding savings there, fully funded, it's going to cost a lot of money, much more than we have. 
And for what Mr Bush says, he's the one who raised taxes on the middle class after saying he wouldn't. 
And may God continue to bless our great earth. 
These two measures are crucial to Iraq's success. 
Mr. NELSON (spoke in French): Mr. President, the question, if I say so, is that I think you have not yet given any details on your role in this area. 
The -- from, you know, for the last, almost a decade, we're worried about our schools officially through Washington, and the president had a meeting of all the governors, and then they tried the conventional school patches, that is, to increase the certification of -- requirements for teachers, to lengthen the school day, to lengthen the school year and nothing -- that's a very brief overview of the thing -- but nothing happened. 
TRUMP: Is it President Obama's fault? 
Go ahead, sir. 
We want to focus on local control so that people here in Danville, KY decide what's best for their children. 
But I don't find any trouble with that. 
That's what Governor Bush and I want to do. 
You talked about sex tape. 
And... CMCain: With all due respect, you've already given them to the oil companies. 
And we need to do much better to get companies to build new businesses or expand, because they don't do all you have to do is look at Michigan and look at Ohio and look at all those places where so many of their jobs and businesses are leaving, they're e.d, Hillary, I just want to ask you this. 
And I've had to fight a lot of people who said human rights, and we're the ones who put the sanctions and defended. 
DOLE: Well, as far as the campaign reform itself is concerned, we will get it when we have a bipartite commission, withdraw it from politics. 
Women work 76 cents on the dollar for the same job as men. 
This conspiracy theory, which he has been launching for some time. 
And look at the manufacturing. 
I would be very careful to use our troops as nation builders. 
And you have two minutes to start, Senator McCain. 
Mr. GORE: Don't change the subject -- QUAYLE: Well, answer my questions, then. 
So there's... TRUMP: No, you're wrong. 
We have a committee on the reform of campaign financing. 
And then, to protect the public interest, we went into this blind trust. 
I think we will have to do a better job if we are to assume the responsibilities that time and events have given us. 
SMITH: Three minutes and twenty seconds for each candidate. 
The war started in 2003, and when the war started, you said it would be quick and easy. 
If you change your behaviour, then it is possible for you to join the community of nations. 
Mondale first. 
WALLACE: Hold on -- hold on, wait. 
Let me make it very clear that the bill that Mr.Nixon referred to did not mention Wilkes-Barre or Scranton; it did not mention West Virginia. 
Why don't you agree? 
Kamala Harris – Senator Harris, I mean. 
If laws need to be strengthened, such as instant background checks, it's important. 
Oh, oh. 
And we're going to respect each other, stand up to each other. 
You know, so one of your liberal friends. 
All those specific examples I'm giving tonight -- if you had a business like this, they'd take you outside and board the doors. 
They did it again. 
And I mentioned one, and it's the Balkans. 
MARGOLIS: Nevertheless, these examples of overestimation and exaggeration and not being forthcoming - this has led many people to question this part of your qualifications, not your experience, but your character. 
You can postpone your taxes. 
But it's the k.u. locker room, when we have a world where ISIS cuts our heads, where we have — and frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where we have horrible and horrible wars and sites everywhere, where we have so many bad things happening, it's like in medieval times. 
Ronald Reagan met with Tip O'Neill and Howard Baker, two Republicans and a Democrat. 
Even President Nixon, because he was at least a strong leader, worked very well with a democratic Congress. 
And one of the ways we're going to do this is, I'm going to work with my friend, John McCain, to continue the campaign funding reform so that we get these incredible amounts of money from the system and open it to middle-class people, so America is really represented by the people that make up America. 
What is your general attitude towards government intervention in such events? 
I think these negotiations should continue. 
- No, it's not. 
Well, guys, we have one, and this one's a financial crisis. 
It's wonderful, except we have a record to watch. 
And that means, of course, the witness that this nation can produce. 
And come on. 
I don't care whether he's a Republican or a Democrat. 
That's not true. 
I think these troops deserve better than they receive today. 
If we had had a democratic congress in the last two years and had had Governor Carter as President. 
CLINTON: No comment. 
There's not -- and we have to do them all at the same time. 
You haven't had it in the last four years. 
- No, it's not. 
These appointments are for life. 
Governor, as vice president, there's nothing you promised as a candidate that you wouldn't leave the table because of the financial crisis we're in? 
How do you do that? 
I have more questions. 
Let me go back and talk about what I think our mission should be in the Middle East and more broadly, because our goal is to make sure that the world is more - is peaceful. 
We need to do something about it. 
Let me, Jason, come back to you for a minute because there's a big difference in the defense budget. 
For many people, he seems to cover up a lot of sins. 
You and Senator Kerry said the war in Iraq was the bad war at the wrong time. 
I visited our fighting forces all over the world. 
MR. ROMNEY: No, let me -- let me come back and talk about the points that the Chair raised and -- and -- and let me correct them. 
We have seen in the Nicaraguan example a policy that has hurt us, strengthened our opposition and undermined the moral authority of our country in this region. 
But the fact is that - a president should lead this country. 
Is that Ken? 
That's number one. 
I'm for Head Start and I'm putting this up. 
General Shinsheki, the Army Chief of Staff, said you're going to need several hundred thousand soldiers. 
Joe, you're the liar. 
So my attitude to taking office was that we're going to insist that China plays according to the same rules as everyone else. 
Some Republicans criticized Mr. Mondale for saying that he did not agree in private with Jimmy Carter's decision to impose the grain embargo. 
Tonight's debate, the first between presidential candidates in sixteen years and the first in which an outgoing president participated, takes place in front of an audience at the Walnut Street Theater in Philadelphia, just three blocks away from Independence Hall. 
We have, I think, the support of almost all the police groups, very — I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. 
I know what has happened in the last eight years. 
The way to ensure that we succeed is to send coherent and sound messages to the Iraqi people that when we give our word, we will keep our word, that we stand with you, that we believe you want to be free. 
He's president, so I guess it's a little better. 
Small businessmen and businesswomen who paid 70 percent of your nineteen, your $265 billion tax increase, the biggest tax increase in America's history. 
MEMBER_OF_AUDITENCE: Mr. Vice-President, our military forces are now thinner and do more than they have ever done in peacetime. 
Because I want to move on to our next one... 
RYAN: What is in the national interest of the American people. 
And I am convinced that my case, by returning to my opposition to sending the Marines to Lebanon, in support of our efforts in Kosovo and Bosnia and the First Gulf War, and my judgment, I think, is something that I am -- a case that I am prepared to maintain. 
Japan will have a donors' summit; $14 billion pledged. 
It is his most fundamental function. 
QUAYLE: We are the greatest nation in this world, and the greatest economic power. 
It is a fundamental difference of opinion. 
You look at the record of the last four years and you say that Iran is closer to a bomb? 
We all lived that day as a nation. 
Are we doing enough in this area? 
I put on a mask when I think I need it. 
The governor mentioned it earlier. 
And I have a huge difference with the ACLU in their political agenda. 
Mr. LEHRER: New question is for Governor Clinton, a 2-minute answer. 
Take the Congo, where 4.5 million people have died since 1998, or take Rwanda in the dreadful days before, or Somalia. 
We have held Saddam Hussein to account for a terrorist regime. 
We moved. 
We have a three-day waiting period, we're getting refreshed, so we can have a background check to make sure that criminals and people who shouldn't have guns don't have them. 
And when you have more money in your pocket, you are able to better afford what you want. 
My opponent was against that. 
Well, I mean, literally, think about it. 
Here's his plan to defeat ISIL. 
If I'm elected, I'm not going to run as a proud Democrat, but I'm going to be an American president. 
And does he make these decisions about the best interests of the American people, of you, or of personal interest. 
If I were president, I would now like to look at the hundreds of federal regulations that discriminate against women and move forward as everyone seeks an amendment. 
And when I look at what is happening in Charlotte, a city I love, a city where I have investments, when I look at what is happening in different parts of our country, if that is, I can continue to name them all day long, we need the law and order in our country.I just got today, as you know, the approval of the Fraternal Police Order, we just entered. 
Someone has to take responsibility for this. 
SHADEL: The next question is that of Mr.Cater for Senator Kennedy. 
He wrote about 450 separate provisions in this code. 
I think it's important and I share it. 
He said that if it is sufficient for members and senators to have a choice, seniors should have a choice. 
Bill Clinton and Al Gore vetoed him twice. 
You need better relationships. 
Was it a political failure? 
I know it's not directly about Hollywood, but it reinforces the values you teach. 
Nobody knew what it was, nobody knew where it came from, what it was. 
It's really a question of whether or not it's safe to be used by women. 
And one thing the president said, that I want to make sure we understand, he said I said we should go bankrupt in Detroit. 
And I don't have time to answer as far as the disabled are concerned. 
And, by the way, I like coal. 
It endorses the democratic platform which, as I have read, calls for about sixty additional programmes. 
Ask the people of the armed forces today. 
There's 900 receivers in the White House. 
And they are very, very upset about what their politicians told them and what their politicians did. 
I said that we would focus attention on those who attacked us on September 11, and we went after the leaders of Al-Qaeda as never before and Osama bin Laden died. 
But I don't have any loans with Russia. 
President Carter. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Governor, you have a minute to answer. 
He was 22 years old and killed in combat outside Baghdad, Matthew Stanley, before Christmas last year. 
No one did this with a bad intention. 
We have the highest trade deficit. 
Good evening. 
Let me give you an example of OSHA. 
I've already done it in the state of Texas. 
And as for the safest way to threaten our prosperity, to have a dollar. 
Congress makes it a better job. 
I am actually lowering taxes, because I think it is so important for businesses, because we have companies leaving — massive corporations and small ones, small ones cannot form. 
LEHRER: Mr.Governor, how would you advise electors to make a decision on this issue? 
And I believe that it is up to us to be the defenders of the United States and the defenders of freedom; and to do so, we must give this country leadership and we must move America forward. 
But I can take it. 
Taylor's boyfriend said he didn't hear them do that. 
CMCain: You know, when Senator Obama finished his conversation with Joe the plumber -- we need to spread wealth around. 
We also want to fill some of the company's gaps. 
So I can't tell you where it came from, but I'm very concerned about AIDS, and I think we have the best researchers in the world at NIH working on the problem. 
Of course, you'll have arguments. 
All right, all right. Let's put that aside. 
And that will, I think, have an important effect on the price of a barrel of oil. 
They want their restaurants. 
I don't think we should drop out of private schools and leave children trapped in failing schools. 
Let him answer. 
Between the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 and the next time, it was five years, seven years. 
A very bad g. w., she speaks hard, she speaks really hard against Putin and against Assad. 
The United Nations ambassador participated in Sunday television shows and spoke about how -- OBAMA: Candy, I -- ROMNEY: -- it was spontaneous -- GROWTH: Mr. Speaker, let me -- OBAMA: I'm happy to have a longer conversation -- GROWTH: I know you -- OBAMA: -- about foreign policy. 
The Soviet Union has progressed faster than we have. 
I'm not going to commit any negative personal attacks. 
You did a good job. 
It's not -- CLINTON: And people who have work -- (APPLACEMENT) 
And I'm not going -- I'm not going to, by any means, reduce the share that is paid by the highest-income taxpayers. 
Pam, what the president hasn't told you is that all of his tax cuts expire in the year 2000, but these increases continue forever. 
The reality is that there is the grief and tragedy that have struck American families because people who have illegally entered this country are now involved in business and criminal activity. 
But I have a house. 
I'm not attacking the army, Joe. 
And the fact is, they're paralyzed by them. 
My family lost a fortune by coming down and helping us with the government. 
How long can we continue with the trickle-down economy when the record of failure is so clear? 
We didn't have two and a half million, or three million homeless people living in the streets and gates of this country ten years ago. 
We'll leave her there. 
The way you put the question, frankly, I am pleased because it shows, in fact, that we are trying to pursue a balanced approach and the suggestion that all we are interested in is energy development is not true. 
And that's what you're facing, the parents are facing, and the grandparents are facing. 
This will be the first half of the debate, and I will say the rules for the second half later. 
Let me out of your way. 
But I still believe that the best way to go is to have a campaign reform law that deals with this kind of situation. 
We offered you a chance to reach out. 
And the reality is that there is something we can do about it. 
The Office estimates that there are probably tens of billions of dollars lost in fraud alone, and they added that waste adds even more to that. 
Mr. Nixon, would you like to comment on this statement? 
And so, we believe in the American people. 
Is my time up? 
Let me cite a number of examples. 
I'll just tell you what the real facts are. 
Whether it is the Iranian deal with which you are so in love, where we gave them $150 billion, whether it is the Iranian deal, whether it is something you can name you can hardly name a good deal. 
Frank McGee, NBC News; Charles Van Fremd, CBS News; Douglass Cater, magazine Reporter; Roscoe Drummond, New York Herald Tribune. 
I firmly believe that the federal government can help, we must fund Headstart. 
He said that at present we would have unemployment at 5.4 per cent. 
But when I look at what you proposed, you have what is now called the Trump fault, because it would be so advantageous to you and the business you do. 
If swine flu had been as deadly as coronavirus in 2009 when Joe Biden was Vice President, we would have lost 2 million American lives. 
Almost all our citizens have come from other countries and now have hopes, which are fulfilled, for a better life, the preservation of their ethnic commitments, their family structures, their religious beliefs, the preservation of their relations with their parents in foreign countries, but always standing together in a very coherent society, which gives our nation its strength. 
And this nation was secured in 9.t because Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama did not provide a status of force agreement and leave sufficient troops in there, we are back in war. 
PENCE: We've just had American strength on the world stage. 
And by the way, at the last debate, she lied, because it turned out she said the gold standard and she said she didn't say it. 
Are you going to vote for the plan? 
Let go and talk about American families. 
He's... RADDATZ: We're going -- we're going to the closing statements in a minute. 
I think that the American people should take into account who we are as individuals, what our experience is, what our positions on issues and proposals are. 
This is not true in Connecticut, family income is declining. 
It does not happen that the church to which I belong had this as part of its dogma. 
Does that mean that Saddam Hussein was ten times more important than Osama bin Laden -- what, excuse me, Saddam Hussein more important than Osama bin Laden? I don't think so. 
I think that dealing with the Soviet Union must be realistic. 
And what did the administration decide to do? 
You had a problem with General Motors. 
And there's extra money. 
That's what I said. 
PENCE: He also said and many of them are good people. 
But the right answer is not to ask the federal government to take care of health care and start asking providers across the United States, telling a patient and a doctor what kind of treatment they can have. 
Because I settled this case without admitting guilt, but it was a lawsuit against many real estate companies, and it's just one of those things. 
President Bush, just a minute. 
Seventy percent of my state's money goes to public schools, and I was really honored when Time magazine said that our schools showed more improvement than any other state in the country except another -- they named two states showing real progress forward in the 1980s. 
We have a policy of common sense. 
So I have a record. 
DOLE: Let me say first of all, on the President's promise of a further tax reduction. 
It wasn't done. 
Governor Clinton said, well, I could have been with the minority, let the sanctions work - but I guess I would have voted with the majority. 
And when I'm president, I'll do it because I have to. 
Today, the broader question is about the whole issue of deregulation and has worked or not worked. 
I paid taxes as you and Lord know, I paid my share -- over a billion taxes. 
I'm not too popular sometimes with my own party, let alone hers. 
But I want to answer as precisely as possible the question you have just asked me. 
We have a wash, according to my calculation. 
Former President Nixon has spoken about what we are going to do after the detachment and arms control, and how we are going to continue the new arms control with the Soviet Union; he has spoken a little about how we are dealing with the Soviet Union - and that is one of the differences between George Bush and Michael Dukakis, because George Bush understands this to deal with the Soviet Union and get progress that you need to deal with as a position of force. 
And the concentration of employment opportunities in these areas would greatly help not only to restore the tax base, but also to reduce the extraordinary cost of social well-being. 
I call it non-patriotic. 
We cannot lose those jobs. 
We are in 1980, not 1966. 
No one's talking about that. 
We see the consequences of that every day in the field right now. 
I try to put myself in this position and imagine what it would be, but I've always been in the majority, never in a minority group. Must be a horrible experience. 
It's very different from World War II, when the FDR's sons stole missions. 
The only point I want to say is that in making these difficult decisions, we need to know what our values are and who we are fighting for and what our priorities are, and if we are spending $300 billion on tax cuts for people who do not need them and do not even ask for them, and if we are abandoning the health care that crushes people across the country, then I think we've made a bad decision and I want to make sure that we don't cut our priorities in the long run. 
Mitt Romney is a good man. 
Although it is true that perhaps by the end of the decade, our total oil consumption cannot increase by more than one million or two million barrels of oil per day. 
We have made great progress in reducing CO2 emissions through American innovation and natural gas development through fracturing. 
We need the tools of a veto. 
We had an energy bill in front of the United States Senate. 
We only have ten divisions. 
But that's what happens when you sit here today. 
OBAMA: Well, you know, Senator McCain, in the last debate and again today, suggested that I do not understand. 
I admitted it when I made a mistake, but then I continue and help to try to solve the problems. 
Lehrer: (inaudible) and we continue -- always on the economy, on another -- but another part... OBAMA: Okay. 
What is your intention on this bill, as it does not meet your requirements? 
And when I got up and spoke to Congress, I was talking about the same intelligence he was looking at to make his decisions in favour of the authorization of force. 
Faith without works is dead. 
And I told them it wasn't. 
It's a question of American intelligence. 
I am therefore optimistic for the future, once they understand that they will have this strong and principled President to negotiate with, strong leadership, and yet with demonstrable flexibility in arms control. 
The United States is doing better than a lot. 
I think it worked in part because I made it clear that I have no other political aspirations myself. 
The middle class is the economic engine. 
My opponent says that aid is on the way, but what kind of message does he say to our troops in the way of harming, "Wong war, bad place, bad time"? 
Meanwhile, we began in 1993 to examine whether cigarettes were addictive enough for the Federal Food and Drug Administration to prohibit companies from advertising, marketing and distributing their products to our children. 
Who would you show young Americans as figures that should inspire this country? 
Really? 
I mean, you need to have regulations so you can have a job of economy. 
Mike Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen believe that America can do better, that America can't just enter the future, cling to the past. 
I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would appreciate it too much. 
And 13 trillion dollars of family wealth were destroyed. 
The Soviets are trying to spy on us, steal these things. 
And it's still the economic package. 
Mr. PALIN: I would like to respond to the question of tax increases. 
It should be a quiet force based on the integrity of our people, the vision of the Constitution, an innate will and a strong purpose that God has given us in the greatest nation on earth - the United States. 
I like solar, but solar doesn't have it yet. 
Frankly, you've made more interruptions than he did. 
I guess so. 
And that means at some point establishing full diplomatic relations and obviously doing something about the mutual defence treaty with Taiwan. 
TRUMP: Well, if we put another two or maybe three judges on, that's really what's gonna be -- that's gonna happen. 
You just said: Hey, we don't agree with you. 
Jimmy Carter urged his vice president, Walter Mondale, to tell the American people. 
But it is very important that we have not exceeded our limits and I think that most people -- most police officers are good, dedicated and honourable citizens who do their jobs, put their lives at risk, and who are not fooled or have no prejudice. 
Was it really going to make war as a last resort? 
Her husband PJ was killed. 
Absolument. 
They don't like that there's unfair kicking and some kind of hoax about people. 
Japan spends just over 6 per cent of its gross national product. 
Secretary Clinton? 
You have two minutes without interruption. 
I think we could have done better. 
We don't have time anymore. 
It means keeping the government out of this. 
Anyone who says America has been motionless for seven and a half years has not travelled to America. 
That when people have something, they have an interest in the American dream. 
And there are millions of parents like that who love their children, who want their children to be happy. 
MARGOLIS: I want to come back to the question of qualifications, which, in my opinion, is more than the time you have spent in the Senate and the time you have spent in public life. 
WALLACE: This debate is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
That's exactly what... 
Secretary Clinton, we'll start with your two minutes. 
But that's what I said. 
Governor, I'm not. 
These people have submitted 18 questions about education, and the first is the one that will be asked about education will go you, governor, and asked by Angie Pettig. 
I would have hoped that, by looking at the beginning of the President's term and even further away, we would have recognized that there was growing energy and passion for freedom in this part of the world, and that we would have worked more aggressively with our friend and other friends in the region to make the transition to a more representative form of government, so that it did not explode as it did. 
Now these people love this country and they're patriotic. 
The whole picture is such that unemployment has not been reduced in this country. 
Look, the No Child Left Behind Act is really an act of employment when you think about it. 
He said he had -- to do the things you want to do, you can't do it just by taking money from the rich. 
But I'm someone who believes that Roe against Wade was rightly decided. 
About you on health insurance? 
He's going to Governor Dukakis, and you'll have two minutes to answer. 
Every time you see him, he's got a mask. 
And I introduced the first legislation, and we forced the votes on it. 
And so it's a combination of these things. 
You see our five children, all over the country, and their spouses. 
I want to thank the University of Washington for welcoming us here tonight. 
And that's what we did. 
And I have to tell you, this, this presumption that you hear regularly from Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, that America is systemically racist. 
They wondered how an elected representative could serve them and participate in such activities in the United States Congress. 
With all due respect, the Senate Budget Committee believes that Dick Cheney has just referred to the estimates of the Republican partisan staff of the Senate Budget Committee. 
Of course he did. 
I wonder if you could explain that, sir. 
I know what he said about mine. 
And we want to bring him to justice. 
WALLACE: But in the case of California, they simply ignored your return. 
Mr. OBAMA: This is an important issue. 
We have seen the largest increase in medical costs over the past four years in the country's history: $3,500 nationally. 
Robin, I'll answer your question. 
But that's also why I'm so proud that Al Gore said two things. 
You cannot reform and improve education in this country without spending money. 
I also think it should be pointed out that it is obviously not possible, particularly in the proposals that Senator Kennedy has advocated, either to reduce national debt or to reduce taxes. 
The first one is the one you mentioned, Mr. Trump, and it's weapons. 
Let me take South Korea as an example. 
We have created 10.5 million jobs over the past four years. 
We are at peace. 
Vice President Gore, two minutes. 
Drugs. 
CLINTON: First of all, Senator Dole, let's get this straight. 
But in doing so, we have made sure that we address this issue peacefully, not to inject American military forces into combat, but to allow our nation's strength to feel beneficial. 
It's not fair for our future. 
As far as religion is concerned, as I said, I grew up Catholic. 
For you, Governor. 
After September 11, we had to recognize that when we saw a threat, we had to take it seriously before it came to harm us. 
But they don't want to accept the National Guard. 
I'm sure you'll find someone who doesn't agree with the Pentagon. 
Your son has served, and perhaps your children will also serve one day. 
What I want to tell you is that a bipartite commission examined my plan and the Bush plan and that there were as many Republicans as there were experts in democratic health care. 
You said you'd say a prayer, and you said something about a meeting. 
The HMOs and insurance companies support the other pending bill, the one that the Republican majority has introduced. 
The idea of self-deportation? 
And your co-payments and deductibles increased by only 30 percent last year. 
Joe Biden will put an end to all these fonts. 
Mr Ford, as far as I know, except to avoid another Watergate, has not accomplished a single major program for this country. 
Low- and middle-income people who have borne the burden for a long time. 
We both took it, and I'm taking it now, for this reason: we want higher salaries for teachers. 
We respect the standards of conduct they would never respect. 
I've worked a lot with Texas Democrats and Republicans to make sure no children are left behind. 
In a way, it can be difficult to reconcile the two points of view. 
We want to get rid of tax cuts for companies sending jobs abroad. 
Thus, the whole question of what to do with social security has been resolved by bipartite legislation, and it is on a solid basis now as long as you can see in the next century. 
And we are not going to stand still and allow state actors to follow our information, our private sector information or our public sector. n.d. we will have to specify that we do not want to use the types of tools we have. 
We have treated Iran differently from Iraq, partly because Iran, like Iraq, has not yet violated 12 years of UN Security Council resolutions. 
You have old ethnic rivalries that have arisen as Yugoslavia dissolves or dissolves, and it will not be solved by sending into the 82nd Airborne, and I will not do this as commander-in-chief. 
I mean, the truth is that the policies of this administration, which Hillary Clinton and Senator Kaine want to pursue, have led this economy into a gap. 
This is not exactly an exact description of what happened. 
So let me ask you a question parallel to the one I asked the Vice-President. 
In Philadelphia, they came in to watch. 
And, Senator McCain, you're the first. 
No social distancing, few masks, and now a group of coronavirus cases among those who were there. 
He said, and I paraphrase, we've been looking for this moment for a long time. 
And I think that this question is always about the qualifications and the kind of vice-president in this hypothetical situation, if I were to assume the responsibilities of the president, which I would be. 
However, unlike the first two programs, the two candidates will not share the same platform. 
RYAN: That's what our whole premise of our growth plan for a stronger middle class means: to grow the economy to 4%, to create 12 million jobs over the next four years. 
This will help us maintain the kind of American leadership we need. 
Why... is your judgment... TRUMP: The file shows that I'm right. 
I think there were a lot of decisions that were bad. 
We washed Afghanistan's hands. 
But we must have a president who is clear that you are not dealing with Russia based on looking into his eyes and seeing his soul. 
So, for example, on wind energy, when Governor Romney says "these are imaginary jobs." 
I don't want to be the policeman of the world, I want to be the peacemaker of the world with a high morale army and a well-equipped army. 
The trillion comes from the surplus. 
Maybe they think it's true. 
We're going to choose science rather than fiction. 
You cannot continue to hold back the value of your currency, steal our intellectual property, counterfeit our products, sell them around the world, even in the United States. 
Gentlemen, welcome to both of you. 
He has all the theories of conspiracy... TRUMP: Iran takes control of Iraq. 
It's a scandal. 
PAGE: – which concerns the economy. 
And housing started to grow. 
With regard to the aggression against the Catholic Church, allow me to make it clear that no religious, Catholic or other institutions, including Catholic social services, Georgetown Hospital, Mercy Hospital, no hospital, no need to refer to contraception, no need to pay for contraception, no need to be a vehicle to obtain contraception in an insurance policy they provide. 
Contrary to what Senator McCain continues to say, I prefer nuclear energy as part of our global energy mix. 
Honestly, senator. 
I struggled to reduce assignments and eliminate them. 
I appreciate your listening tonight. 
That's how we're going to develop this economy in the long term. 
What other measures should you take to reduce this deficit and position the country for economic growth? 
They don't go to war against each other. 
Yeah, and I'm up to the problem with a fair answer. 
Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to approve. 
We'll keep pushing him. 
We have obtained 15 million high school children in recent years who do not know how to read at a significant level. 
When I was governor of Massachusetts, to get a high school degree, you had to take an exam. 
I never said I was more than that, but it's not if you're an average study, that's what you're gonna do with your life. 
SMITH: Follow-up question. 
And that's what we do. 
Children whose parents do not speak English as their first language pass through it. 
There are very old leaders who won't be here yet. 
Because if you do, it's an open invitation to other terrorists to take hostages and blackmail us. 
You must have forest management. 
And, in fact, the biggest tax increase in our country's history took place in 1977. 
It's absolutely a big thing. 
DUKAKIS: Well, I had to live eight different years of life, then those of the vice president, because this administration has cut, cut and cut programs for children, for nutrition, for the kind of things that can help these young people live better lives. 
What John Kerry said -- and it's as clear as the day for anyone listening -- he said: We're going to find terrorists where they are and kill them before they hurt the American people first. 
Our hearts and minds go to them. 
We will not wait four years before focusing on the country's problems. 
It was the Soviet Union that did not want to discuss walking in the woods. 
Of course we're doing everything we can to protect America. 
It's not social security anymore, it's social security plus a huge debt. 
People don't talk about it. 
America and the Americans don't just decide what's going on in this country. 
They were gonna take our stuff away from us. 
We can do this by giving them, as a starting point, a refundable tax credit of $5,000 to go around and get the health insurance policy of their choice. 
We do not want to extend beyond 2014. 
Governor Romney said he wanted to repeal Dodd-Frank. 
But we're both protecting them. 
We will not outsource our foreign policy to the United Nations by giving Vladimir Putin the right of veto over our efforts to try to resolve this issue. 
So I think he even learned that you can't say "read my lips" because you can't know what emergencies might happen. 
In my state, we are leading the country in the growth of employment in the private sector. 
I think a lot about what worked and how we can do it again... TRUMP: Well, he approved NAFTA... [crosstalk] CLINTON: ... million new jobs, a balanced budget... TRUMP: He approved NAFTA, which is the worst trade agreement ever approved in this country. 
Flip-floping has become a recurring theme in this campaign, you may have noticed. 
I want to keep our neighbourhoods much, much better in terms of fighting crime, and that is why I would appoint judges who have a little more sympathy for the victims of crime and a little less for the criminals. 
The back row in the blue shirt Yes sir.. DAVID: My name is Tim David. 
So we can fix this system in a global way. 
We cannot have tomorrow's industries if we do not have the best trained workforce. 
But at least he took that burden away from them. 
Senator Kennedy will make the first closing statement. 
We'd have to get better when we recognize that we're talking about a life. 
The program that works and the voice must be an integral part of our reading program. 
And abroad, there is a new leadership and a new respect. 
If these are not special interests, I have a lot to learn. 
He doesn't want to calm things down. 
I support the other aspects of the Simpson-Mazzoli bill that strengthen border enforcement, strengthen other ways to deal with undocumented workers in this difficult area, and address the problem of resolving people who have been living here for many years and who have no established status. 
And that's because we've structured the plan so that six million more American families don't pay taxes. 
No one suggests that we disarm unilaterally or that we reduce our forces in one way or another, of course not. 
I think what we need to do is convince people who live in the land where they live to build nations. 
Do you see them as a potential partner? 
KAINE: Donald Trump started this campaign in 2014 and he said, If I run for the president, I will absolutely release my taxes. 
I think that as far as the way in which this process has been managed more recently, we want to do everything in our power to support Mr Milosevic's departure. 
But we would like to have a social security fund that has about 70 years of life instead of about 30 years of life. 
I saw a movie called Crocodile Dundee. 
Why don't they pay? 
PENCE: – There are no more hurricanes today than 100 years ago – 
We call this opening segment "Achieving Prosperity". 
BUSH: Well, I've expressed my profound difference with Governor Clinton about organizing demonstrations in a foreign country against your country, when young children of the ghetto have been recovered and are dying. 
There's been 15 million abortions since 1973, and I don't take this lightly. 
Secondly, with regard to Iran and Iran's threat, there is no doubt that a nuclear Iran, a nuclear Iran, is unacceptable to America. 
There is no better antidote to poverty than a good, well-paid job that allows someone to take care of their own family. 
I met this group three hours ago, and we only talked about how it was going to work tonight. 
The stock market was down six months before I arrived. 
And what worries me is that if we continue the policies that Mr Bush is talking about tonight, the flexible freeze that someone described the other day as some kind of economic slurpee that he wants to spend billions on virtually every weapon system around. 
Health insurance and social security have done so much for my own family. 
The American people deserve to make the decision on who will be the next president of the United States, and then that person can choose who will serve his whole life on the highest court in our country. 
Or you support a ticket that supports policies that will kill jobs by increasing taxes. 
I put people behind bars for the rest of their lives. 
Do you think we are meeting our obligations correctly? 
It's on his watch. 
And we have to stop this. 
Senator Obama had the opening. 
I am in favour of leaving tax rates alone and reducing the tax burden on middle-income Americans by doubling your tax exemption for each child from $3,500 to $7,000. 
New York — New York has done an excellent job. 
Hundreds of trillions of dollars. 
I looked at her with the first lady, whom I admire a lot, and her daughters. 
I'm going to get Osama bin Laden, my friends. 
It is very important for us that this be done with the full participation of minority citizens. 
This is their agenda - (APPLACEMENT) 
They cannot make financial contributions. 
We have seen 30,000 injured, and most importantly, from a strategic national security perspective, Al-Qaeda is resurrected, stronger today than at any time since 2001. 
And I looked at these debates, so I remember what they were wearing. 
There were millions and millions of dollars of negative advertising spent distorting my point of view. 
We're not going to follow this path while I'm -- when I'm president of the United States. 
I do not agree with Senator McCain that we will be able to carry out the kind of sanctions that we need without some cooperation with countries like Russia and China that are, I think Senator McCain would agree, not with democracies, but with important trade with Iran, but that might have an interest in ensuring that Iran does not have nuclear weapons. 
In other words, what I'm talking about is not to put the government back to less money than the government has done, but simply to reduce the increase in spending. 
I don't know what the differences are, because I don't know what Mr. Carter's policies are. 
KEMP: Jim, this economy is overtaxed, overregulated, too many people get involved, there are too many disputes. 
Part of what happened was that we forgot why we left. 
We have the old slugs that are 10, 12 years old. 
We provided more money for day care in the bill that passed the Senate, was vetoed, then returned and the Speaker signed about the same bill. 
It was the kind of state of mind that said, "Let's keep it at the UN and hope things are going well. » 
Alors je... (LAUGHTER) Félicitations. 
I spoke to everyone about how much they really wanted Saddam Hussein to be accountable. 
I mentioned 31/2 million women, poorer than four years ago. 
I never suggested that espionage stop. 
It is a peaceful nation, and I intend to maintain peace. 
I believe that price control would prevent us from pursuing important research and development. 
I invited the former Prime Minister of Russia to my home and took the risk of asking him to become personally involved, with the head of Finland, to go to Belgrade and take a series of proposals from the United States which would essentially constitute a surrender of Serbia. 
I have fought for social security and health insurance and for things to help vulnerable people all my life, and I will do so as President of the United States. 
We almost doubled. 
But we're not there yet. 
Last week, former Secretary of State Haig said that your choice was the stupidest call George Bush could have made. 
We have completed our questions and comments, and in a moment we will have time to summarize. 
We cannot allow Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
This is the role of the federal government. 
We lost more than 4,000 lives. 
I sometimes think he's like the witch who gets upset when a good doctor comes with a cure that's going to work. 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, the next question will be for you, and it comes from James Varner, who I believe is in this article. 
We just had the election there. 
But Senator Dole's plans are not good for the country. 
But, Governor Pence... you bet I suspended this program. 
I will conduct this electoral debate throughout the country over the last three and a half weeks, or whatever we have and the answer is no; I will have no more debates, we no longer need debate. 
We will do this by ensuring that we use information technology so that medical records are actually on computers instead of completing three-fold forms when you go to the hospital. 
Bill Clinton, as President, provided this kind of leadership. 
Glaspie testified... 
Cater, of course it's a criticism that's made. 
I suggest you consider someone who has created jobs. 
QUAYLE: When you look at this total problem - it's not just with the Japanese, but the underlying question about this global global debt problem - you have to see, why are we a debtor, and what attracts foreign investment to our country today, whether it's Japanese or otherwise. 
And the question, is it worth the cost, reminds me of my own thought when I came back to fight in this war. 
And we need law and order in the city centres, because the people most affected by what is happening are African Americans and Hispanics. 
But the best thing we can do now, Bob, given the circumstances with the company in England is for those of us who are younger and healthy, do not get a flu vaccine. 
This is the plan that Joe Biden has and that I have, knowing that we must grasp what has happened and that we must save our country. 
But the fact is -- the fact is that we finally saw Republicans and Democrats sitting and negotiating together and finding a package. 
Let me tell you that. 
But I think marriage is a sacred institution. 
I thought I owed you this and that I respected you to be here and the impact you had on that more positive experience. 
Secondly, Syria is an opportunity for us because Syria plays an important role in the Middle East, particularly at this time. 
Of course I condemn it. 
I disagree with his judgment in many cases. 
For example, disabled people, who have no alternative -- 
We've had central accounting. 
I don't care if he's proved it or not. 
A rebuttal, governor? 
That's our goal. 
Now, when we have other countries that cannot manage their economies in Central and South America, we send the US ambassador, we send the International Monetary Fund, and we tell them what they can buy, what they can sell and how to manage their economies. 
Sixty to seventy percent of our colored children do not complete high school. 
And then as a last resort only, continue to use atomic power. 
She didn't even know what that word meant. 
Mr. Trump, what's your reaction? 
The most difficult decision of a president is to use force. 
We now import about 44 percent of our oil. 
If you have health insurance through your employer, you can keep your health insurance, keep your choice of doctor, keep your plan. 
He just liked it to sound exaggerated, a little better, that he felt better. 
Go to N.M. and you can see him. 
Just let me follow up, my friends. 
Recently Ian Smith, President of Rhodesia, announced that he had unequivocal commitments from Mr. Kissinger that he could not reveal. 
WIEGHART: Mr.Mondale, the Carter-Mondale administration has not come close to fiscal balance in its four years of existence either, despite the fact that President Carter promised a balanced budget during his term of office. 
Which of these will be your highest priority your first year of service and which will follow in order? 
It's about decency. 
He started his campaign by taking down the escalator saying he's going to get rid of those Mexican rapists. 
And the question is: Are there any important questions of character that separate you from these other two men? 
I hate it. 
We need to provide teachers with the training and professional development they need, including paid leave to visit a teacher's class to acquire new skills. 
The net result is this administration, and during my term as President for the next four years, we will continue to move towards the normalization of relations in the traditional sense, and we will insist that the disputes between Taiwan and the People's Republic be resolved peacefully, as agreed in the 1972 Shanghai communiqué. 
And that's one of the things I hope I can personally lead as President of the United States. 
Now we come back to when the mother is pregnant and they'll start right after they're born. 
Not a penny. 
Seven over eight years, defence budget commitments decreased, or 37% in total. 
If there are other specific areas, but beyond that, I have not understood all of this, as the President knows. 
But I don't think this president can do it. 
And for a guy who started with everything he had in the trunk of his car -- SIMPSON: Mr.Perot, I'm sorry -- PEROT: -- it's not bad. 
Mr. Nixon argued that Soviet production is only forty-four per cent of ours. 
During the half hour between the opening statement and the closing statement, applicants will respond and comment on the questions of a group of four correspondents selected by the national networks responsible for the programme. 
And in fact, employers are looking for skilled workers. 
Let me say that we will obviously not wait for the United Nations Security Council. 
600 — wait a minute, Anderson, 600 times. 
That's not true. 
Barack Obama and Senator Biden also voted for the largest tax increases in the history of the United States. 
You know, and everyone gets away with it, so I'm gonna say, we're not gonna let that surplus stay at the bank. 
1% of Americans are the highest since 1928. 
We don't have 12 days. 
What Mitt Romney proposes... RYAN: And then the kind of changes we're talking about for young people like me don't increase the benefits for the rich as fast as everyone else. 
You know what you're doing, you know what you're doing? 
PENCE: It was a failure of the Secretary of State... QUIJANO: We have to move on to the next subject, gentlemen. 
What can be cloned to stop it? 
And many things have to do with the fact that our taxes are so high, about the highest in the world. 
Does that mean that if you had been President and Vice-President, Saddam Hussein would still be in power? 
Say it. 
No, we're not closing down, and we have to open our schools. 
We'll make it in a minute. 
It's one thing I'm an insider. 
Look at this. 
Everywhere in our country -- go to Ohio, 1. 
It's a fact they did. 
When you get 99.5 percent of the money, we don't know what happened to the other 5 percent, we're looking for it, someone got it, but everything went to the Democrats. 
But I think the feeling is inappropriate. 
The former Joint Chief of Staff said Admiral Mullen said our debt was the greatest threat to national security. 
We must, in our inability to protect our national security as it is today, not be provocative towards a possible adversary. 
But it's less than 1 percent of the total cost of health care. 
We still do not have a comprehensive energy policy in this country. 
The American people will be called upon to tighten their belts a little to deal with some of the problems we face in the country. 
KAINE: It was Donald — wait a second, governor.[crosstalk] PENCE: This is my time, senator. 
And that is a strategic mistake, because every intelligence agency will recognize that Al-Qaida is the greatest threat to the United States and that the Secretary of Defense has recognized the central front -- that the place we have to deal with these people will be in Afghanistan and Pakistan. 
Now everyone knows there were no weapons of mass destruction. 
You shouldn't be talking about Wall Street. 
And I suppose some of them are due to our trading partners. 
We had a good neighbourhood policy, yes. 
That is how the founders of the Constitution wanted our government to be, a government that comes from the people. 
The president wants me to change my mind. 
George Bush and Dan Quayle want to protect the very rich. 
I've never had to talk about anything I want to do and how we're really going to make better lives for e. o, again, go to n.m. We literally have Trump — you can actually verify it in real time. 
It's -- it's an important part of the world for us. 
First of all, the president's $2.2 trillion figures are not accurate. 
Thank you all for participating. 
And people will remember that you signed the biggest tax increase in California's history and the biggest tax increase in the history of the United States, and what do you intend to do? 
Mr. President, I'm still talking. 
But the next president of the United States will have to make difficult decisions. 
Her income tax return 198I is not available - she may have been released. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Let us move on to a new question, Mr. President. 
We're almost five minutes away for this. 
Under this administration, we have had a continuation of what is called the balance of power policy, where everything is considered a struggle between us on the one hand, and the Soviet Union on the other. 
EDWARDS: The Vice-President has just said that we should focus on state sponsors of terrorism. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, you have a 90-second refutation. 
If you want to ask business people to whom I speak periodically, they complain about the rigorous application of this administration and, in addition, allow me to say it for your record, when we found violations in this administration, there was not only a rigorous application, but there were the most severe penalties - the heaviest in the history of the Ministry of Labour - imposed when these violations were found. 
He is responsible for most of the major car attacks that killed or maimed thousands of people. 
And I've tried to live this so imperfectly every day of my life ever since. 
And with this thought, I realized what work I had with this letter. 
And if we want to talk about the profits of the oil companies, under your tax plan, John -- that's undeniably -- the oil companies would get additional $4 billion in tax relief. 
WELKER: I want to — 
Last year, under Mr Ford, of all the food for peace that went to South America, 85 percent went to the military dictatorship in Chile. 
Mr. PALIN: No, I don't think it was. 
It's from $4,000 to about $2,000. 
If I could wish one thing for the big public schools, it would be a solid family unit in every house -- nothing will ever replace that. 
I would ensure that we develop national standards on how to open schools and businesses so that they can be safe and give them the financial and financial resources to do so. 
Does not this statement practically invite the Russians to intervene in Yugoslavia? 
BUSH: One of the reasons, and I'd like to know first what programs you're talking about, and then we could talk about the merits of the programs. 
And if you look at people, we pay people hundreds of thousands of dollars to teach very bad ideas and frankly, very sick ideas. 
He's projecting a weakness. 
And I think it's that pattern that bothers me more than the project. 
It's a vote. 
The only thing I believe is that whatever we know is that Mr Ford should have been given to the American people 18 months ago, immediately after the Mayaguez incident. 
The president wants it, but we can't get it because we're sitting here in the jam because it's a campaign year. 
They're making progress, not enough for us. 
He chose a tax cut for the richest Americans to obtain this material in the homeland as quickly as possible. 
This is what we should do at the federal level when it comes to acquired rights plants for public services. 
I'm about to launch an announcement that shows that they promised us that they were going to hold the spending line at the tax and budgetary summit, and I'm going to show how much they've increased that little thing they're doing for themselves. 
WALLACE: Okay, CLINTON: That's not how our democracy works. 
Five million people have lost their homes. 
They're not all Republicans. 
We're really going out into the trenches and say, "Is this the one you want to talk about or fix?" Because talking won't do it, guys. 
And in 2006, our seniors will get protection against prescription drugs. 
After my trip to South America, I recommended the creation of a separate inter-American lending agency that South American nations would like much better than a loan--than participating in lending organizations that treated all countries of the world in the same way. 
It was a tough campaign. 
Let the vice president speak, sir. 
At least we have low interest rates that the Fed can control. 
That's what we're talking about here. 
I'm an electronics technician in the Navy. 
The IRS says an audit... 
It's important how you keep them safe. 
Now I would like to congratulate Mr Kemp on having been a lonely voice in the Republican party over the years on this issue. 
I went to those national parks. 
He told me that if it wasn't for the increase in the cost of his liability insurance, in this case, liability for the product, he could hire another 200 people in his factory. 
In fact, there are a lot of problems between you two. 
But I think it's the American way. 
The governor... 
I'll take my income back. 
As President, I must be sure that these derogations, which we approve everywhere, are covered by the law. 
I looked. 
And that's one of the reasons why we saw the cost of the agricultural program, which was only about two and a half billion dollars when they took up their duties, now go to about $25 billion. 
I think this is, uh - an example of deliberate distortion, and it also happened in the defence issue. 
And, senator, frankly, you have a file in the Senate that is not very distinguished. 
I would just like to add this point. 
- We have Bo. That's what I said. 
But if you look at what we did, I closed it and you said, "He" is xenophobic. 
It's like the family of the medical leave law; it's just trying to set the rules of the game. 
I'd like to ask you both about the people you're going to bring to the government. 
And just to say, well, Bill McKinney is just going to do it. 
I hope that my answer will be clear. 
What would your administration do to prevent this cut? 
We even had Ted Kennedy on board for the effort. 
I understand all this. 
Let me give you a few examples very briefly. 
How will you ensure that the second amendment is protected? 
Is al-Qa'idah on his heels? 
I'm sure all the states in the union have them. 
Mr. Varner? 
Bonus plans to keep some of our highly qualified people in the service and a commander-in-chief who clearly establishes the mission. 
I think that would be contrary to one of the fundamental concepts of our system of government - a counterweight system. 
That's for sure. 
There are many young workers at our gatherings we go to that when they hear that I will trust them in their choice to be able to manage, according to some guidelines, part of their own money to get a better rate of return so that they have a retirement plan in the future, they begin to nod their heads and they want a different attitude in Washington. 
But critics say that this will mean finding $1,000 billion over the next 10 years to continue to pay benefits as these accounts are established. 
Your colleagues have both said that undocumented immigrants who have committed violent crimes should be expelled. 
Other senators, other members of Congress, choose other programs. 
I am concerned about a Muslim tax, for example, there. 
Then why don't you put money in your own campaign? 
You said -- and I wrote it here -- "personal negative attacks." 
There are summits in progress. 
Teamwork and partnership can be very good in Congress, Senator Gore -- that's what Congress is, compromise, teamwork, teamwork. 
It's time to have a new commander-in-chief who will rebuild the army, pay more for our men and women, make sure they're better housed and have a targeted mission for our military. 
After all, I was governor of the border for a while. 
It was. 
In fact, uh - 25 percent of the total tax deductions, go for only 1 percent of the richest people in this country, and more than 50 percent of the uh tax credits go for the 14 percent of the richest people in this country. 
I swore to abide by the laws of my state. 
And that's the kind of judge I want. 
I think if Barbara Bush was here this year, she would be elected. 
I ask him to appoint a Republican president who led this nation to war. 
But I think the first criteria, Tom, should be someone who immediately the Americans identify, immediately say, we can trust that person. 
Small businesses and women, African American, Asian American, Latin American and American, would be able to start their businesses. 
We cut it by 60 percent. After increasing by almost 300 per cent in the previous two jurisdictions. 
Mr. MONDALE: There are two eminent authors on arms control in this country -- there are many others, but two that I would like to quote tonight. 
I think we all love teachers. 
But I think it would have been much more unfair to deny John Anderson the right to participate in this debate. 
WARNER: The American audience admired your performance, but didn't seem to like you very much. 
Now I think very strongly that we should do more for the American farmer and what we saw under this administration is neglect this farmer. 
CARTER: Well, one of the very serious things that has happened in our government in recent years, and that has continued so far, is a break in trust between our people in [twenty-seven minutes late] NEWMAN: failure in spreading the debate twenty-seven minutes ago. 
And it was because they didn't think of how power should be exercised, did not have the American public with them on a plan that worked, that we ended up as we did. 
I really don't need Mr Nixon to tell me what my responsibilities as a citizen are. 
We want protection with common sense, not absurdity. 
When the people of the consulate first saw armed men attacking with weapons, there were no demonstrators. 
(Applause) QUAYLE: I met these people, and I met them in Fort Wayne, Indiana, in a food bank. 
It is only in recent days that Mr Ford has been interested in a non-proliferation movement. 
It didn't work that way. 
I'm absolutely, adamentally opposed to that. 
President Ford? 
That's how I think about it. 
I think you should vote for Mr. Nixon. 
Taxpayer financing in Obamacare, financing taxpayers with foreign aid. 
But we have gone through all these things and have even reached new heights and grandeur. 
I'm thinking of Ross Perot's friend sitting in prison. 
I do not agree with the proposal that, perhaps only when the oil supply is at stake, our national security is threatened. 
It is all these companies that employ a quarter of the workers in America; these small businesses are imposed as individuals. 
You're doing great. 
I don't believe it. 
So the question is, is it really a party problem? 
So it is our policy to support democracy there, and when you have freedom fighters who want to protect this revolution, and go on the democratic path, we believe in providing them with support. 
The Vice-President's debate is scheduled for October 4 at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. 
You should say it's good. 
It depends, of course. 
He had 60 minutes only two weeks ago and was asked: Is it just for someone like you, making $20 million a year, to pay a lower tax rate than a nurse or bus driver, someone making $50,000 a year? 
Number four, if you're under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on this policy until age 26, something that hasn't happened e. o I really want to save what works and is good about the Affordable Care Act. 
There are really interesting technologies. 
But don't get into that smokescreen, Oscar. 
It's just bringing down the country. 
When Saddam Hussein invaded and occupied Kuwait in 1990 and 1991, he rose on the Senate Prosecutor's Office and voted against entry to release Kuwait and repel Saddam Hussein to Iraq. 
And we have a strong research and development program that was underway during my administration. 
And a young man is there on a $1 billion aircraft carrier in charge of the maintenance of a $20 million aircraft, working 100 hours a week, and he earns less for himself and his family, while he's away from his family, that he could earn if he were in one of the most housekeeping jobs, working 40 hours a week here at home. 
The stakes could not be higher. 
But we can't get out of this mess. 
She is one of the United States — she was a senator from the United States. 
SIMPSON: You're all wonderful speakers, and I know you have a lot more to add, but I've talked to this audience, and they have a lot of questions on other topics. 
NIXON: Senator Kennedy has repeated what he has said several times in these debates and in the campaign, that the Americans are still. 
Have clean coal technologies. 
The first thing we need to do is control spending in Washington. 
It's in your commercial. 
In fact, free people and free businesses trying to find ways to do better are able to be more effective at reducing the cost than the government will ever be. 
If you take a patient to the hospital that bleeds arterially, the first step is to stop bleeding. 
We're going to make elections. 
I'm thinking of a woman in Chicago when I was talking to the parents about the education she got up to and said I'm sick and tired of those schools in this city being nothing but a factory for failure. 
Stop dragging him through the ear in this one. 
Get out and tax the American people. 
I saw it written with authority twice, and if I made him an injustice, and he didn't say it, I'm very, very sorry. 
About hate crime laws? 
I know Donald is very praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin, but Putin really plays... [crosstalk]...many, long game here. 
And in your case, Mr. President, are there any others? 
That is why President Eisenhower was right not to apologize or express his regret to Mr. Khrushchev at the Paris Conference, as suggested by Senator Kennedy. 
If you help create profits, you should be able to share in them, not just executives at p.d. I want us to do more to support people who struggle to balance family and work. 
In my own state, we did. 
Not only would it threaten Israel, our strongest ally in the region and one of our strongest allies in the world, but it would also create the possibility of nuclear weapons falling into the hands of terrorists. 
They wanted to see each other. 
But I would like to draw the people's attention to the fact that this so-called simple amendment would be used by malicious men to destroy the discriminations that properly belong, by law, to women respecting the physical differences between the two sexes, labour laws that protect them from things that would be physically harmful to them. 
But more recently, we seem to have taken a different shot. 
I come out of the Democratic Party, which over the course of this century produced Woodrow Wilson, Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman, and which supported and supported these programs that I discussed tonight. 
Number Two, Trade -- I'm going to fight China, President Bush didn't. 
So we can do a better job of internal security. 
And this whole country is going to fall. 
When you announce that you are going to launch an attack in another country, it is quite obvious that you have the effect it has had in Pakistan: It turns public opinion against us. 
When they cross the middle of town... 
The programs we've tried where you control everything and Washington's mandate don't work. 
Maybe we could find out tonight. 
The formats and rules were developed by the Commission and the two campaigns. 
I'm not saying that. 
There is currently a national law in Congress on hate crimes because of James Byrd, because of Matthew Shepard, who was crucified on a rail fence by bigots, and because of others. 
All right. 
I supported -- I supported that. 
No, I'm not wrong. 
We -- we need to have it -- we need to ensure that employers reward employees who join health clubs and practice well-being and fitness. 
We did it by decree. 
And I can promise you tonight that this is America I will serve if I have the chance to become your president. 
I hope and hope, in the interests of both countries and in the interests of all the peoples of the world, that the Soviet Union and the United States will be able to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. 
And if you set aside your covenants, with whom will you share understanding? 
Here we go. 
We have made real progress there. 
One of them is the Middle East, and this is of interest to the entire Western world and the industrialized nations, because of the great amount of energy on which so many depend. 
I am asking the question - and I am not questioning his concerns about the war in Vietnam. 
Bill Kerr provided assistance to all those who were not part of social security. 
Margaret, I'm not sure I have all this in a minute. 
No, it really isn't. 
In this process, following this will, decision and hardness, we now have former enemies talking about peace in the Middle East. 
In Palm Beach, Florida, a difficult community, a brilliant community, a rich community, probably the richest community in the world, I opened a club, and really got a big credit for it. 
The point is, you have to judge the army by what the military chiefs say. 
And so seeing Syria remove Assad is a very high priority for us. 
That's how it works. 
We will try to answer two more questions, if we can. 
And our mayor, our new mayor, refused to move on with the case. 
There are huge delays. 
Governor Carter again contradicts himself. 
That's relevant, because he was pushing for the lifting of sanctions when he was CEO of Halliburton. 
But with fiscal restraints, we will also reduce the deficit by 50 per cent over the next five years. 
CHENEY: Again, it's an area where I think Joe and I have some big disagreements again. 
With respect to the meeting with Congress, during the twenty-four months I was the President of the United States, I did better than one meeting a month with leading groups or congressional commissions - in the House and Senate. 
I don't know what affirmative access means. 
IFILL: Senator Edwards, you have 90 seconds to answer. 
The Arabs put pressure on Mr. Ford, and he gave in, and allowed a boycott by the Arab countries of American companies that trade with Israel, or that have American Jews who own or take part in the management of American companies. 
It took too long for it to go well. 
First of all, we're not very separate on anything. 
And an economy with 7.8 percent unemployment is not a real strong economy. 
Thereâ€TMs a long line of McCains who have served our country for a long time in war and peace, it is the great honour of my life, and I was proud to serve. 
You may not be one of them, but you're not one of the right people. 
Take it – and it's, it's very important. 
They're gonna start stopping, whether they're red or blue. 
NIXON: First of all, I think Senator Kennedy should decide my responsibility. 
It is five times larger geographically, it has one fifth of the population, that is Libya, one fifth of the population, five times larger geographically. 
And nuclear capability has been searched by the United Nations, and there has not been a single scintilla of evidence that there is American technology involved. 
And then he has as a model to make this a council of people in the government, an unelected council, appointed council, who will decide what kind of treatment you should have. 
And the budget plan I put in place, according to the Los Angeles Times, how these things are generally measured as a percentage of GDP, will reduce government spending to the lowest level in 50 years. 
Thank you, gentlemen. 
He's a man who gave 30 percent of his income to charity, more than the two of us together. 
And it's a general sign of weakness. 
On the international financial crises that have occurred, my friend Bob Rubin, the former Secretary of the Treasury is here, he is a close adviser to me and a great friend in all respects. 
Vice-President Biden, however, I would like to talk a lot about the strategy. 
SMITH: May I have time to summarize, please? 
When I asked Yassir Arafat and Prime Minister Netanyahu to come to Washington and bring them together and they spoke alone for three hours, I was convinced that they should have a chance to make that peace. 
Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has a very bad judgment. 
I responded a few times to some of their comments. 
There's been some tough business on my desk. 
EDWARDS: I thought it was about jobs and poverty. 
WALLACE: Secretary Clinton, you have spoken - and in the last debate and still today - that you would impose a no-flight zone to try to protect the people of Aleppo and put an end to it. 
And you're asking how -- how are we going to do that? 
But I think we need to change our policies with Pakistan. 
But if the money goes to the states and the states can then determine whether it goes for the construction of schools or for teachers' salaries, in my opinion you protect the local authority on the school board and the school committee. 
I'm proposing a detailed budget, Bob. 
I just want to talk to you in the middle of the crisis. 
All right, Vice President Biden, your answer, please? 
No, you can go on. 
If it were an expense contest, I'd come in second. 
And I would also like to point out that Senator Kennedy has omitted part of the cost of this program - a twenty-five per cent increase in the price of food that people would have to pay. 
It must remain the policy of the United States of America to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, simple and simple. 
The forgiveness of international debt would be counterproductive. 
You will answer that question, but I would first like to ask you for two minutes, Vice-President Cheney. 
The president didn't do anything to fix it. 
But the hard reality is that we need to know what we are doing and pursue the goals that are possible in our time. 
We are a serious debtor nation. 
Over $2.4 trillion. 
No prescription drugs, no pharmacotherapy, no preventive drugs, no eye care. 
By the way, the number one I'm getting rid of is Obamacare. 
Ask the scientific world to see it, to know it, to look at it, to go through all the processes. 
We are in serious stages of negotiations with the Soviet Union on strategic arms control talks. 
You know, the President of the United States is not just negotiating with your friends in Congress; the President of the United States is dealing on the international stage. 
Mr. Anderson: Mr. Movers, in addition to saying that this is not the time to reduce the tax, given the emerging signs of renewed inflation, in addition to calling for moderation in federal spending 15 months ago, I also suggested that we have an emergency excise tax on gasoline. 
The feelings are very strong. 
Some say it's a draft. 
If you give me four more years, I will work on it again and I will try to answer these accusations, but I prefer to focus on the direct answers in the future and I have given you a direct answer. 
We have a responsibility to protect the lives and freedoms of our people, which means that there are no military personnel. 
DUKAKIS: I think I was a member of the advisory committee, Margaret. 
That's how I used my trips, when I traveled to Israel and when I traveled to the region. 
And I can prove it. 
Very quickly. 
Here's the deal. 
And I see no improvement in the performance of Congress under the current leadership. 
It was such a bad program and he wrote me a letter saying -- wrote the Ministry of Energy a letter saying, "The reason we need this stimulus, it will create growth and jobs." His words. 
Let me say that first. 
Because, in the context, everything they propose, according to the Congressional Bipartite Budget Office, represents about half of the 1 per cent of the cost of health care in this country -- half of the 1 per cent. 
I think it is the great mission, the great task, the great function of the federal government. 
And we can do it again, if we remove politics. 
Our panelists for tonight's debate on defence and foreign policy issues are Georgie Anne Geyer, trade union columnist for Universal Press Syndicate; Marvin Kalb, chief diplomatic correspondent for NBC News; Morton Kondracke, editor-in-chief of New Republic magazine; and Henry Trewhitt, diplomatic correspondent for Baltimore Sun. 
How could we not know? 
We want the judges to interpret the Constitution and not to legislate it. 
And as far as social security is concerned, we will not privatize it. 
For example, we set a standard that these loans and grants are intended for people who, otherwise, could not go to university, their family incomes were so low. 
We may have different approaches. 
Now, my compatriots, this is an invitation to disaster. 
Sounds pretty good. 
Their children were hit in a car accident, four of them. 
But part of it also examines other sources of violence. 
Good evening. 
NIXON: I'm very pleased that you had this question because, as you know, I went to the last of my other question and was not able to complete the argument. 
If you want to help someone, don't waste the costs by making sure that the doctors have five or six tests where we would be afraid of being prosecuted, or that someone along the road doesn't stop to pick up a guy and help him because he's afraid a trial lawyer will come after him. 
TRUMP: I want to see an honest voting account. That's what I said. That's what I said. 
The character of leaders is the great variable in the success -- long-term success -- of an administration. 
I would like my Secretary of the Treasury to be in contact with the financial centres not only here, but at home. 
Several months ago, the Vietnamese government said: "We are ready to sit down and negotiate for the dissemination of information on IMAs. 
I mean, I don't like dealing with personal affairs. 
have rented only 2% of the possible amount. 
RYAN: Thank God we had these sanctions in place. 
If anyone sees a silver lining, they find a big black cloud over there. 
Mr. Mondale, on the other hand, has an idea. Get out and tax the American people. 
HARRIS: – Talk about these things that you may not want people to hear, but they need to hear in order to protect themselves. 
He's going to destroy this country. 
And that means, yes, that we continue to open new areas for drilling. 
These are decisions that the Chief Executive must make. 
Absolument pas, Bob. 
You should ask someone in Michigan, a UAW worker in Michigan, if they think they're raising CAFE standards, fuel saving standards, 45 miles a gallon is a good idea -- 300,000 people out of work. 
They thought they were going to get this agreement, but when he took over the head of the negotiations outside the State Department and put him in charge of the re-election campaign, the agreement was derailed and now there is no START II treaty at all. 
GORE: I think that the economy is one of the most important parts of this problem. 
We will now turn to Diane Sawyer for his questions. 
And then I went down to the border towns of Storok (ph), which had known missiles that were raining from Hamas. 
The governor is proposing $45 billion. 
We move on to our next segment that talks about America's leadership. 
And I now think that trust is being violated and it seems to me that we should deal with it, and the president should say tonight that he will not forgive anyone that he has been involved in matters with who could involve him later. 
That's leadership, guys. 
But it doesn't just take a calm, minimal enforcement of the law. 
What if he doesn't leave? 
We didn't. 
But I don't want to go on tax and spending. 
I want to empower people. 
Which, by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe it. 
I think we should do it in Berlin. 
Look, their real plan costs 100 trillion dollars. 
They're gonna make things happen to create jobs here in the United States. 
This means that we are helping state governments and local communities set up road projects and build bridges to keep people in their jobs. 
We know what treasure and joy it is to have an adopted child in our lives. 
90 percent of our children are in these public schools and we need to raise their standards and move them forward with programs like those I described in this campaign. 
I think that by acting firmly and decisively, it will be less likely that we will resort to force. 
We can meet our destiny - and this destiny to build here a land that will, for all humanity, be a brilliant city on a hill. 
I thought we were talking about immigration. 
With decent and affordable housing that our people can buy, own and live, so that we can put an end to the shame of despair in America. 
In August 1960, when we tried to get it again, but this time for medical care, we received the support of a Republican in the Senate on that occasion. 
What does that mean, a lot of stuff? 
You can take it tomorrow in a bookshop... TRUMP: That's all you have...[crosstalk] HOLT: People, we're going to... CLINTON: ... or an airport near you. 
I think there must be instant disclosure on the Internet to find out who gave it to. 
No one's ever heard of Clarence Gideon, the man without a lawyer. 
So I want to move on and move on to the next, important topic, as the last topic was, and it's the Supreme Court. 
WOODRUFF: Tom, a question for Senator Bentsen. 
But if you look at the Biden Harris campaign site, it describes the Green New Deal as a crucial setting. 
It was a disaster. 
My argument with the governor is that we want this country to go so far to the left. 
The order was determined by a drawing. 
It's the same guy who told you, don't worry, we're gonna end it by the summer. 
Show me something about the health insurance he's done. 
How did that happen? 
Once it is a drug, does it apply only to teenagers or to everyone in America? 
The border patrol officers, 16,500, just approved me, and they approved me because I understand the border. 
It is an abject failure, the policy of this administration. 
You're just wasting time. 
This is the end of the beginning, if we reach a package that will keep these institutions stable. 
TRUMP: When he talks about a public option, he talks about social medicine and health care. 
I always said it. 
But when you look and Chicago is not the only one you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. 
Not all nuclear weapons are dismantled. 
You and Michael Dukakis seem to be diametrically opposed to that. I was told that in a private session of the United States Senate, you made one of the most eloquent and virulent speeches in the name of the counter-help that anyone has given during the eight years of Reagan's term, which you have in fact alluded to the threat that the Sandinist regime could pose to your own state in Texas. 
What I support is not a change for current and near-retired retirees to health insurance. 
Joe has a long-standing reputation for working through the driveway and working bipartitely. 
We asked you to be quiet, so that would help us. 
These imports have been reduced. 
We also did so because gasoline prices were rising and domestic fuel oil stocks were very low. 
All this, and especially internal security, we'll talk about a little later. 
Ah--is it not discouraging the Yugoslavs who might be tempted to resist? 
And, you know, Governor Romney, I'm glad you agree that we managed to pursue Al-Qaida, but I have to tell you that, you know, your previous strategy has been a strategy that has been everywhere on the map and is not designed to protect the Americans or to take advantage of the opportunities that exist in the Middle East. 
It's a matter of principle, not politics. 
American workers are told that men and women are thrown out of work without any fault on their part that they will have a job. 
We have fewer people working today than we had when the president took office. 
I mean, I told people I had traveled, all of you who had the tax cut he promised last time, vote for him in '96 and not a lot of hands go up. 
And we all know the state of Washington's school system, D.C. 
So, Medicare, it's gonna be a little harder. 
It is these years of experience at the executive level that will also be used in the White House. 
He voted against these programmes, he does not believe it. 
Vice President Gore, two minutes. 
Secondly, it is a fundamental misunderstanding to say that the war against terrorism is only Osama bin Laden. 
But I'll tell you what I was thinking. 
220,000 Americans are dead. 
Now, if later, after a while, we discover that social security is in trouble, we will bring together the best experts in the country. 
You work harder and harder to reach the ends and put food on the table. 
We may have had some differences, and we had a lot of debates... COOPER: Thank you, Secretary. 
We've learned a lot, but he wants to stop him. 
When you were attacked for your military record, I immediately said that it was inappropriate, that it had no place in this campaign, and I rejected it. 
And we need to promote maternity, which my administration has done. 
If Roe v Wade is overturned, what would you like California to do? 
They pressed him very hard. 
I believe that we need to use clean and safe nuclear energy. 
Iran will have nuclear weapons in two to three years. 
We're getting together. 
There is another problem that Michael Dukakis is wrong about in Central America, and that is Grenada. 
If you have a child, you are entitled to tax relief. 
Targeted tax reduction, a real commitment to education reform. 
This president... I don't know if he sees what really happened there. 
The only thing they have to offer, Jim, is fear. Fear of the environment, fear of the climate, fear of health insurance, fear of Newt, fear of Republicans, fear of Bob and probably fear of reducing tax rates. 
We see that the Soviet Union is a very primitive economy. 
They investigated and investigated, did not find a single piece of evidence. 
And I noticed that everyone who's for abortion is already born. 
There will always be problems in this whole world. 
You thought that would be your problem, not mine. 
And where it is done, these schools, as in Rochester, those schools that have not been chosen find that they are then in competition and do better. 
They had the opportunity to form a consensus. 
His runner Jack Kemp once said that Bob Dole had never met a tax that he had not raised. 
Did you see what's going on? 
I hear teachers talk all the time about trials and threats, about respect in the classroom. 
He said he didn't tell us or warn people because he didn't want to panic the American people. 
The first position you took, when this issue was raised for the first time, was that we should draw the line and commit ourselves, as a matter of principle, to defending these islands. 
We can accept it, and we can defeat racism in America. 
How they're gonna do better, I don't know. 
PENCE: I really need to do that. 
That is why I tried to be so specific in this campaign to have a mandate, if elected, so that Congress could know what the American people voted for. 
NIXON: Our policies are very different. 
No one touched this baby until the day after the 1988 election because he flooded both parties with twisted CAP money, and in many cases it was a theft of CAP money. 
It saves labour, and it saves equipment. 
He said that many of those countries equate space developments with scientific productivity and scientific progress. 
OBAMA: He opposes... MCCAIN: I voted for alternative fuel all the time... OBAMA: He -- he -- he opposes... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: One at a time, please. 
I hope we can save somewhere else so we don't have to. 
We do not agree, I believe, on almost all the other issues. 
TRUMP: — it was impossible to work, it does not work — 
Let us take what he said about John McCain. 
See, this is all about, no action with these politicians. 
I am talking about our will to bear any burden in order to maintain our own freedom and to respond to our freedom throughout the world. 
And I think that shows a terrible indifference to the families who have suffered so much. 
Governor Bush did it in Texas. 
94% come from the local level. 
Vice President Biden, actually, go ahead, sir... 
But she knows how to sit at a table and negotiate difficult agreements. 
In many cases, we have concluded agreements, as in Vietnam, which were later revealed to our embarrassment. 
It's time for control. 
Please talk about how you got to this decision. 
Now you and Senator Kennedy said that there were certain conditions that had to be met before meeting Khrushchev. 
And this arms race is under way. 
And that's why this election is so important. 
All seniors are covered by prescription drugs in my plan. 
The question -- MODERATOR: Well, but it's a logical answer. 
I supported the position of the Administration and believe that this position has been correct; I think my position has been correct. 
It's three times bigger than President Clinton proposed. 
And I believe that by increasing the burden of property tax, which is already imposed in many of our communities, we will, in my view, ensure that many of our children will not be adequately educated and that many of our teachers will not be adequately compensated. 
CARTER: Well, I could say that I think the Conservation Voter League is quite right. 
But I would certainly have consulted the governors and the elected representatives before acting unilaterally. 
At the end of the debate and now, when I introduce the candidates. 
We had a guarantee on the S&amps, didn't we? We had a guarantee -- and what happened? You took a $500 billion bill because of the stupid way the federal government deregulated it. 
I know, therefore, that this campaign has raised questions and concerns from many leaders around the world. 
The middle class has been crushed over the past four years, and jobs have been too few. 
That's not true. 
I went to Yad Beshef (ph), the Holocaust Museum there, to remind me of the nature of evil and why our bond with Israel will be unbreakable. 
And yet, after meeting after the meeting, he endorsed this decision, approved the sale of arms to Ayatollah in exchange for hostages, one of the most tragic, one of the most erroneous foreign policy decisions we have ever made in this country, and I dare say I encourage others to take hostages as we now know. 
He didn't understand it was more than taking a murderer out of the battlefield. 
I think we -- I think we should make our schools the number one priority of doing the best in the world, all schools. 
And so, if we want to have peace, we need to know how to deal with the communists and their leaders. 
So I'm asking you to look at this. 
I have proven that I will sign a reasonable reform of criminal liability. 
Restoring tax discipline, we will do much better. 
Congress said it was a model. 
And if you're watching CNN this week, Patti Solis Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying it happened. 
Three times since the Second World War, the Vice-President suddenly had to become President and Commander-in-Chief. 
And I believe that this administration has not fulfilled its responsibilities over the last eight years, that our power over that of the communists is in decline, that we are facing a very dangerous time in the 1960s, and unless the United States begins to move here - unless we begin to move forward - I do not believe that we are going to shoulder our responsibilities to our own people or to the cause of freedom. 
I think we all agree that when someone has a government contract, certainly the money that is spent under this contract should also be paid regardless of the race, creed or colour of the individual to be employed. 
QUAYLE: The way we're going to reduce this budget deficit, and it's a challenge to make sure it's reduced, is to stick to the Gramm-Rudman objectives first. 
And the president has chosen a policy that prevents our scientists from doing so. 
That's America. 
We are a seriously troubled nation. 
And that makes us laugh and violates any notion of who we are as a nation. 
And we have worked with the Democrats to ease the tax burden on the middle class and all those who pay taxes to ensure that this economy continues to grow. 
He broke up the club, but he still has the money. 
We can surely send you back 5% who pay the bills. 
Was it approved -- a report that you requested a week ago, which showed that there was no connection between Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and Saddam Hussein? 
I think parents should be able to make more choices need more public school choices and charter to always send their children to a safe school. 
We have, in fact, 4% of these green jobs have not been undervalued -- have been underestimated, have not worked. 
Secondly, on priorities. 
After all, a lot of energy is produced from the Middle East, so I appreciate what the administration is doing. 
We do, but the rest of the world, we have to bring them in. 
Let me say, Jim, you didn't hear the governor deny these numbers. 
A CIA spokesman was quoted in this story as saying that they had not yet reached the bottom and there is still a debate on this issue of the relationship between Zarqawi and Saddam Hussein. 
The first step was a rescue plan that was passed last week. 
And, therefore, that is the way I would respond to that and I think that we can have the best possible defence if we modernise, if we move forward with competitive strategies and if we follow the report of the Packard Commission. 
I am studying history, like Senator Kennedy, and I have seen that, in the history of this country, we have had many great presidents. 
Your question was deployment. 
Then we go in and release them. 
It's not a difference. 
Commanders and generals are on the right track. 
And as a private citizen, believe me, you're considered a major nuisance. 
I will commit to providing high-quality health care coverage that is affordable for every child in America within four years. 
But that's true in our entire government society. 
You agree. 
Mr. KENNEDY: Mr. President. 
And it's a personal and private moral judgment. 
She doesn't quit. 
I chose Lloyd Bentsen, distinguished, strong, mature, leader of the Senate, someone whose qualities were not questioned by anyone. 
And so we move troops out of Europe and replace them with more efficient equipment. 
And I think, my God, it wouldn't be wonderful if every child had that love and support. 
Keep going, please. 
Don't tell me this isn't happening. 
I support a woman's right to choose. 
But we must also provide them with financial and practical assistance to help rebuild their economies. 
We not only value wealth, what they do. 
These characteristics of our country have been threatened by Mr Ford. 
I can't do that. 
But instead of helping you, the taxpayer, to have a lower cost, rather than helping seniors get cheaper drugs, the president made it illegal -- illegal -- that Medicare actually go to negotiate for lower prices. 
That's what we're going to do to answer your question. 
Is it still your conviction, and if not, under what circumstances would you use nuclear weapons if you were president? 
Then there's coal and electricity. 
They are more brazen in their attacks, and are less willing allies to... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: With all due respect, it's a lot of malarkey. 
It's been overwhelming. 
We and the world community will lose our credibility in this regard. 
And, yes, they're willing to work a little less than the minimum wage. 
That you selectively modify, as Senator Harris did, the comments that President Trump and I and others on our side are making. 
The farmer produced these surpluses because the government asked him by law during the war. 
They want to erase everything. 
The captains are leaving the service. 
This creates about 4 million jobs. 
It takes -- you know -- months, months and months to withdraw forces. 
They are almost at the bottom of each category. 
If I understand you correctly, you could actually use my examples, retain weapons from Iran and Saudi Arabia even if the risk was an oil embargo and if they had to secure those weapons somewhere else, and then if the embargo came, then you would react in kind. 
Every serious business may be talking about having a vaccine made by the end of the year, but the distribution of this vaccine will only be early in the middle of next year, if we get the vaccine. 
He spoke of the reconstruction efforts that are beginning to unfold. 
HOWE: John Chancellor, your first question for Senator Kennedy. 
And it's the ongoing discussion and says that somehow I'm the bad guy who's gonna take the social security checks off of the people who depend on them. 
President, the Supreme Court will hear a case one week after the election in which the Trump administration, as well as 18 state attorneys general, are seeking to overthrow Obamacare, to put an end to Obamacare. 
DUKAKIS: And that doesn't prove the point, George, which is that values like family and education and community, decent homes for young people that the family on Long Island I visited on Monday where Lou and Betty Tolamo (telephone) bought a house for about $19,000 in 1962, had seven children, they all make good life. 
He believes that only the right people should get tax relief. 
He went to the UN and in his speech to the UN, he said six times -- he talked about YouTube video. 
MITCHELL: We're talking about issues, so let's go back to something you said earlier about the modernization of land missiles. 
We have a gentleman here. 
The fact is that the President is also opposed to Roe V. Wade. 
His whole body trembled with the nerve disease, the muscle disease he had. 
But I have a lot of respect for women. 
It will be determined to the extent that we represent the deepest ideals, the highest sentiments and the faith of the American people. 
She trained people who would eventually become her bosses during her career. 
And by the way, our military have voted by ballot since the end of the current civil war. 
I think there are 1.4 million children in Texas who don't have health insurance. 
I have news, Senator Obama, the news is bad. 
When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, who takes the Fifth Amendment, so that they are not prosecuted, when you have the man who set up the illegal server that takes the Fifth, I think it is shameful. 
A part of my tax package that is paid in my balanced budget plan would exempt up to half a million dollars of people's earnings when they sell their house, which, I think, is the greatest capital benefit we could give to most ordinary Americans. 
We'll see what happens. 
It works at the same time as ensuring that elections are held on time. 
North Korea was a mess. 
And you can't have a bigger responsibility than that. 
We know that he promised America that he would build this coalition. 
That's the best way. 
And they wrapped you around their finger, Joe, to the point where you don't want to say anything about law and order. 
Our funding for recovery is on the rise, recovery of drug addicts. 
I believe that the answer lies in the recognition of human nature and the way in which we operate everything else in this country, when we want it to work. 
Quotas are bad for America. 
I feel like you have a few things to say here. 
QUAYLE: Pass our Family Leave Act because it addresses small businesses where the main problem is. 
Mr Vice-President, thank you very much, and I would like to thank the people here in Wake Forest, and I would like to thank you all for listening. 
No, they say you want to defend yourself now. 
Thanks, but I'd like to go back. 
And I think that's an example where many people have selfish ideas. 
It corrupts people. 
The report was prepared for political reasons. 
We have a question here. 
And the mixed message, the ambiguities of US foreign policy, uh, are -- I think, and Bob Dole thinks, not only causes problems for this country all over the world, but especially here at home. 
That's why I'm going to eliminate Trump's tax cuts. 
We're gonna cover all the kids. 
Now, our real problem here is that they both have plans that won't work. 
You talked about creating 25 million jobs, and you promised to bring in millions of jobs for the Americans. 
Vice President Pence, you have a minute. 
Secondly, the federal bill on support for education. 
It's fundamental. 
We had a guarantee on S&L, didn't we? We had a guarantee -- and what happened? You took a $500 billion bill because of the stupid way the federal government deregulated it. 
Sanctions are being violated. 
I have an obligation to make sure that our government is doing everything it can to protect you. 
He didn't make it, and I signed it, and I'm glad I did. 
We have a wonderful audience here at Centre College tonight. 
A minute of rebuttal. 
I know we need to change our mind before we get to America. 
If his file is the opposite, it means he doesn't want to go. 
So far, Mr. Ford has not. 
And it's grossly unfair for the average American who pays his taxes and pays them on time and has no other choice: he's withdrawn from his pay. 
BROKAW: Senator Bentsen, I would like to refer you to Judy's question about your disputes with Michael Dukakis about contractual assistance. 
I've lived the American dream, I wish your children could live it, too. 
But it's only one step. 
We are going — we are going to go back to the days of peace through h. t. I have to tell you that — all this is about tax returns — and I understand, you know, you want to keep talking about that. 
Health insurance premiums, up $2,500. 
The president went bankrupt in Detroit. 
Go see them. 
Are Israel and the Palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? 
We have not built a new refinery in this country for more than ten years. 
They see Washington fighting for a backup bill. 
Secondly, we have added one million more children to the ranks of the insured under the Medicaid programme. 
COOPER: Mr Trump, your time... TRUMP: It's a disastrous plan, and it has to be repealed and replaced. 
You know that we have been discriminated against in the disability community. 
You make up a lot. 
Second, we got angry when he took everything, but to the ordinary American who doesn't know where the oil fields in Kuwait are, they're near the border. 
Keep the Federal Reserve independent, but live in a world of reality. 
And yet, because of the hard work of the American people and good policies, this economy is growing. 
When you don't have any ideas, you don't have an agenda, and all you have is fear, that's all you can use. 
We should highlight our foreign aid, our foreign direct investment and those of our friends, we should coordinate this aid to ensure that we -- we push back and give them more economic development. 
Vice President Gore, do you agree with the Governor's view on nation-building, the use of the army, our army, for nation-building as he described and defined it? 
Do you accept the conventional diplomatic wisdom that Eastern Europe is a sphere of Soviet influence? 
We'll have the candidates on the podium. 
If we do not agree, it is the idea that we can somehow give good -- give good as a means of ensuring the problems of our education system. 
Hillary and I are both people outside religious circles, from the experience of the Methodist Church, which was really formative for her as a public t. t., we really feel that you should live fully and enthusiastically the commandments of your faith. 
My wife, Michelle, is here and she could give you a much longer list than I am. 
Senators and members of Congress have a wide choice. 
A lot of people in America are worried about how the Patriot Act has been enforced. 
If this is not the case, it will become clear as the debate continues. 
And it's part of my foreign policy. 
And it was because they wanted to choose school that they thought they were the best for their children. 
This contrasts sharply, by the way, with a man who's going to leave 50 million -- 50 million Americans out of tax relief. 
We simply can't have people sitting at the wheel of a car in these long traffic jams that come in and out of our big cities. 
-- for independent candidate Ross Perot. 
I mean, the president received a letter from 38 democratic senators saying that tensions with Israel were a real problem. 
And I was with the Democratic Mayor of San Francisco who was there to support our idea. 
Of course, this was rejected, as was the provision on State contracts at the special session of Congress, at which Mr. Kennedy was very active. 
You could say, "Well, do you have an example of one that worked better?" 
The wealthy are fine, but Jim the wealthy are not well. 
I think it is an example of a judge who allows personal opinion to enter the decision-making process as opposed to a strict interpretation of the Constitution. 
Now it's in court, because Obamacare isn't good. 
This begins with an increase in the national minimum wage and, finally, with the guarantee of equal pay for women's work. 
I also think that's -- one of the reasons we can't do that is because we're overly over-stretched. 
You're gonna hunt down business. 
Fifteen people were killed. 
Most people work harder for less money than they did 10 years ago. 
You're talking about mixed messages. 
I'll tell you what, you're gonna lose. 
You have the ISI, their intelligence organization, is probably the most powerful of -- of three branches there. 
It is a minimum of thirteen and two tenths of a billion dollars a year more than what we currently spend up to a maximum of eighteen billion dollars a year more than we currently spend. 
The reform we would like to offer is to allow our young people to start taking part of the wage tax, 2% of it, and to invest it in a personal retirement account. 
What we can do to help young women and women of all ages is to have a strong economy, so strong that employers who seek to find good employees, integrate them into their workforce and adapt to a flexible work schedule that gives women opportunities that they could not otherwise afford. 
And I think most people know my position on the sanctity of life. 
In the last few years. 
Now, let me say it that way. 
And it's had real consequences in places like Cleveland. 
We had a tire case in which they flooded us with cheap domestic tires -- or -- or cheap Chinese tires. 
That's what he said. 
And among those vetoes, I stopped spending an additional $16 billion. 
And I'll tell you what, people in this country want and demand public order and you're afraid to say it. 
We're spending billions of dollars now, billions of dollars, on floods, hurricanes, rising seas. 
I have no plan to reduce the funding of education and -- and the grants that go to people who go to college. 
Guys, that's why. 
TRUMP: The children are brought here by coyotes and many bad people, cartels, and they are brought here and they used them to enter our country. 
Political questions WIEGHART: After this discussion, it can be like going from sublime to ridiculous, but that's it. 
Did you hear him say Congress just voted to increase student loans and scholarships? 
I say that if Germany can cover everyone and keep costs under inflation, if Hawaii can cover 98 percent of its population at lower health care costs than the rest of us, if Rochester, New York, can do so with two thirds of the cost of the rest of us, America can do it too. 
I never said I was opposed to nuclear waste. 
I know it will take another type of leader to go to Washington to tell the Republicans and the Democrats, we go together. 
HARRIS: – And the American people know what I'm talking about. 
BIDEN: My answer is look, it's not about – there's a reason for him to raise all this malarkey. 
You have a Marxist-Leninist group, the Sandinists, who came to power talking about democracy. 
They are people who love their health care, people who have succeeded, middle-income people who have succeeded. 
Reference was made to expensive spare parts, with hammers costing $500. 
Don't be mistaken, however, there are those who would like to go much further. 
But these are important issues. 
We have a very good record in appointing women to senior positions and positions of trust, and I am not at all defensive about that. 
And one last comment, uh - Governor Carter talks about the tax bills and all the inequalities that exist in the current law. 
Should we re-evaluate our policy and see if we can find a better way to influence events there? 
Today, the current administration - the President said - has never indicated what it thinks of the 1954 decision. 
In fact, there was a moratorium on testing because of the fact that we negotiated. 
This is the accepted procedure among nations; and my judgment is that we should follow the counsel of Theodore Roosevelt: Be strong; maintain a strong position; but also speak gently. 
But that's a valid question, and you know, I'd like to brag about my boss' character. 
You can't do it with the school bureaucracy controlling everything and that's why we have a new program that I hope people have heard about. 
OBAMA: ... but -- but -- but overall. 
Maybe we bit more than we could chew, but we're continuing a step-by-step reform now. 
And as far as the more divided nation is concerned, it cannot remain divided. 
It is time to reach out to a better nation. 
They're in a lot of trouble. 
We have issued written instructions to Ambassador Glaspie. 
So my question is, who's behind it? 
I'm really lucky. 
Then Exxon Mobil, who made $12 billion, record profits, in the last few quarters, they can afford to pay a little more so that ordinary families that hurt there -- they try to figure out how they're going to buy food, how they're going to save for their kids' education in college, they need a break. 
Until then, thank you, and good night. 
And one of the reasons why I felt so strong that the United States needed to participate was because of our relationship with NATO, and NATO will play an important role in peacekeeping in the future. 
I would like to clarify briefly if I can. 
We have never had any difficulty finding time to pray. 
I want to increase spending by 14 percent, it's how simple it is. 
Not only do not cost people jobs, but also create jobs. 
Another thing I would like to say is that in our international trade, as I said in my opening statement, we have become the world's arms dealer. 
We are going to block the granting in the states. 
He had survived the Holocaust. 
And there is another thing that will be more important than the premise of this question on a hypothesis of the use of troops. 
Don't forget that, it happened in 1993. 
Mr. FRANKEL (spoke in French): Mr. President, it is enough to clarify a painting: There are many majorities in the world who believe that they are driven by minority governments. 
Anyway, he co-sponsored McCain-Feingold, and yet he didn't. 
Mr. President, 
We do not need so much labour on the Korean peninsula to keep a deterrent force. 
America must lead. 
I regret what has happened in the last few months. 
And we put up with that. 
And this is an example where our priorities make a difference. 
It's -- you have to be consistent when you're the president. 
These make-up, temporary jobs - as they are - are not the kind of jobs we want for our people. 
But if Donald Trump tells us we should take him, I'm not taking him. 
Senator Kennedy. 
The reason why these particular bills in these various areas that were mentioned were not adopted was not because the President was against them; it was because the people were against them. 
Let's go to the other side of the room. 
The work we've done. 
They allowed the federal government to deficit spending to compensate the United States of America. 
I have a different perspective than I had when I was there in the past. 
But in terms of being influenced by women and being a minority, they are there, my wife and my beautiful daughters, and I just had a son, so he and I are surrounded by women who tell us what to do all the time. 
President' and "Mr. 
You're months behind me, Joe. 
We lost our money. 
I want a country where people unite through race, region and income. 
Groucho Marx said, "Who do you believe? 
But I would like to remind you, the number of uninsured people in America during their watch has increased. 
The program that was proposed this summer, after breaking the sugar quota with Cuba, was really done because we wanted to go through the OAS. a condemnation of the Russian infiltration of Cuba. 
And here's the deal. 
But you have to work together. 
These are the children of things I would work on. 
Now we have a chance. 
Can you imagine if you knew on January 28, as opposed to March 13, what they knew you could have done to prepare yourself? 
We can — as Mother Teresa said during this famous national breakfast of prayer...KAINE: It's important — PENCE: ... bring it — let the children welcome into our world. 
That's how Roe v. Wade is close. 
CLINTON: I would just like to mention if I can -- SIMPSON: Very briefly. 
We are making significant progress in this area. 
" 
We can't just pull out the clock in the 20th century. 
And what I did in CAP money is exactly what my opponent in my campaign did in his campaign. 
Andropov, and now Chernenko. 
It is not the fault of the American people that the economy suffers as it is, but we have the opportunity to learn a lot of good lessons through it and to say that never again will we benefit from it. 
Secretary Clinton, your two minutes are up. 
HEARING_QUESTION: What I would like to know, and it is for you three, is apart from the recent achievement of your party, apart from these achievements in racial representation, and without mentioning any of your current appointments or successful elections, when do you think that your party will both appoint and elect an African-American and women's ticket to the presidency of the United States? 
I want to see - when I spoke to our assembly about a thousand points of light, I was talking about the huge number of shelters and organizations that are helping. 
Remember that. 
Rebuttal is limited to one minute. 
You must have a rule. 
I think they saw weakness where they expected to find American strength. 
- Mr. Mondale. 
First of all, I proposed a long time ago that we should look at every agency and every bureaucracy in government. 
I didn't say 5.4%. 
I hope this will mark the end of Milosevic. 
Let me tell you about one of my friends, Mitch Philpot, from Marietta, Georgia -- not far from here -- whom Tipper and I met with his family at Johns Hopkins Hospital. 
He's racist and xenophobic, because you didn't think I should have shut down our country. 
That's what I did. 
Our jobs run away from the country. 
We'll start with a question from one of the members of our town hall. 
Mrs. Geyer, your question to Mr. Mondale. 
Senator McCain and I agree on something. 
Mr President, the voluntary thing I suggested many years ago was that with a young man orphaned and raised by a deceased aunt, her aunt was not eligible for social insurance because she was not her mother. 
Mr President, do you have a secret plan to balance the budget during a second term, and if so, could you present this plan to us tonight? 
I said that to the extent that we spend federal money on disadvantaged children, we want schools to show us whether or not children are learning. 
So we don't have the best. 
And you said you can pay for it by reducing the president's tax reduction on the top 2 percent. 
We've been cleaning this up for four years. 
There were a lot of things at stake, my friends. 
The next question for President Clinton. 
TRUMP: So when I met Barack Obama, we sat at the White House, at first had a big conversation, was supposed to be 15 minutes and it was well over an hour. 
But if they think that the opposition, before sitting down, will abandon the MX, abandon the B-l, go for a freeze that locks in the inferiority in Europe, all these things, unilaterally, before they are ready to talk, they could just sweat out for another four weeks. 
It's to equip those we send and take care of those who come home. 
Governor Dukakis. 
We should have a foreign policy based on trade, on the spread of democracy, by giving people the opportunity to exchange freely with us, and by ensuring that everyone recognizes a rule of the Golden Rule, "doing others to make them do it for you." Diplomacy first, and don't bomb before breakfast. 
Where could you get the money to devote to the inner cities that is clearly necessary. 
You know, I fell off a platform in California, Chico, a while ago. 
MCCAIN: I think this is a responsibility in this regard, in that we should have available and affordable health care for every American citizen, for every member of the family. 
Man practices blurred math again. 
Some people don't do a good job. 
The premiums are too high, that it does not work. 
They lost a lot of money on this e. w, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we put a lot of people out of work. 
There is a systemic injustice in this country, in education and work, in law enforcement and in the way it is applied. 
Thank you, secretary. 
Hon.LeHRER: The next question is Senator Dole. 
QUAYLE: How long has he -- GORE: I know you want to change the subject, Dan, but let's stay on this one for a while. 
We should provide the money that the House has spent so that we can go out and get people the help they need to keep their business open. 
And I have a sad note tonight. 
But to try, as happened in the case you mentioned - this particular case - to try to tell parishioners of any church, of any denomination, how they should vote, or for whom they should vote, I think that violates the principle of separation of church and state. 
It went that way. 
I thank the Women's Voting League, the panelists, the moderator and the people of Kansas City for their warm hospitality and greeting. 
You're on time, which is remarkable, given that we're there... OBAMA: A witness for you, Jim. 
My question is, how can you or any president, who is elected next time, keep this commitment without leading this country deeper in debt and passing on more bills than we are up to our children? 
I'm not ready to cut aid to Pakistan. 
You know, give yourself a little tax reduction, give you a few years, then make the tax increases continue forever. 
I think, however -- I think, as sure as I'm sitting here, most Americans really care. 
What I'm going to do is allow people to buy in Medicaid. 
I have never suggested that mandatory arbitration is the solution for national emergency disputes. 
Now you want to make waffles on it and give the impression that maybe you don't really want to say what you're saying. 
(Rires) 
There's the facts. 
Two thirds of our jobs come from small businesses. 
It would be if they were granted special protection status. 
The other day, Vice-President Bush sent his tax returns to the American people. 
If you break it, you made a mistake. 
The labels don't go, ladies and gentlemen. 
The conversation will continue. 
I could name them, I mean, there are thousands of them. 
And then you saw an administration that came in and really didn't have the heart in that kind of execution. 
Hon.LeHRER: For Senator Dole, in this section, in the last row. 
All right, here we go again. 
But Syria is no longer Syria. 
We do this all the time. 
Given the fact that a president sometimes has to drive by pure inspiration and passion. 
The Patriot Act is vital. 
Then we will take about six minutes to discuss the issue. 
Now, part of this was due to external factors beyond the control of the United States, including the more than double. 
If we're lucky and we're doing it right, it could happen, but in the short term, there's an expense and we might not see that money for a while. 
What measures would you or your administration take to develop agricultural policy in order to protect family farms for this multifunctional service they offer? 
I think you should explain this to the American people and you should explain it tonight. 
But unfortunately, nowhere in the world, America's influence will grow. 
I wish the Americans knew that I worked very hard to be on their side. 
Let us go ahead as a nation as we did after the Second World War, as this generation of heroes agreed, the United States will be the leader. 
Miraculous, like a miracle. 
And I want to talk about my plan a little bit more -- I hope we can. 
We can move forward, clean our climate, develop green technologies, and alternate -- alternative energies for -- hybrids, hydrogen, battery-powered cars, so that we can clean our environment and at the same time advance our economy by creating millions of jobs. 
My goal is to lead the conversation and ensure that the questions are answered. 
He sent a mission - the President - in 1955 from Mr. 
Mr. GIBSON: Yes. 
I don't mind. 
We will continue to build our alliances. 
You were promised a middle class tax reduction in 1992. 
This means that in my bonus plan to get 100,000 new teachers in public schools in the next four years. 
All right, it's huge. 
Let's take all these four years in a row. 
And what I did was work with our joint Chiefs of Staff to think, what are we going to need in the future to make sure we're safe? 
Mr. Perot, just a minute. 
Because we've seen this all over the country. We saw him insulting women. 
I don't hope so in both cases. 
But we must be aware of the fact that they have had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we must make this the top priority. 
Could I have the opportunity to answer? 
HARRIS: Let them talk about the packaging – 
Others took a hike. 
I think there are differences. 
We are in a situation where our position with Iraq is weaker than it was at the end of the war. 
I do not expect you to look at every vote. 
They wanted to unite. 
PAGE: Thank you – Thank you, Vice-President Pence. 
The Governor must balance the budget in his or her state, which he or she is required to abide by by the law. 
We are independent in terms of energy. 
As far as the balance of the world is concerned, I obviously do not have as much time as Senator Kennedy. 
I started this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such stupid things happen to our country. 
Because you know, in the first debate, Mr Bush made some news. 
Why am I here tonight? 
But that's not enough. 
We must therefore preserve the system. 
Only a few percent of small businesses earn more than $250,000 per year. 
We've quarantined Mr. Arbenz. 
And we are going to get this country's great entrepreneurial spirit, and we are going to free ourselves from this dependence on oil from the Middle East. 
But these are the choices that the next President of the United States will have to make. 
But when we get into a political question of division, and when we don't have bipartite support -- I can deliver, governor, a bunch of democrats to make a comprehensive immigration reform, and we can't... ROMNEY: I'll do it. 
The great contest for the presidency is about the future, which can lead, which can do things. 
We've got to get out of tricks. 
He said, and I quote him now, "Great Britain is a pathetic thing. 
Is it true that this administration, as Senator Kennedy accused it, was an administration of retirement, defeat, stagnation? 
We had to fight a tyrant. 
All I want to do, if you already have health care, is reduce your costs. 
That's right. 
We need to rebuild our army. 
And although I have one last word here, I would like to correct a mistake of fact on the part of the President. 
I will repay the debt every year until it is eliminated at the beginning of the next decade. 
Mlle Quarles. 
And that's... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: That's true, because it's Afghan responsibility. 
Every plan I've drawn up -- my health care plan, my education plan, my plan for children to get better loans at university -- I've shown exactly how I'm going to pay them. 
The 50 governors of this nation have proposed to Congress that we help these families to withdraw from social assistance, to help these young people, to help their mothers become independent and self-reliant. 
Now you must have a government that comes from you again. 
And we will not try to replace our founding principles. 
Let me tell you another place to look for savings. 
There's no manifest, number one. 
Pakistan's weapons can already hit Israel and the Mediterranean. 
So my question to you is, you have refused in the past to talk about it, are you ready to tell the American people tonight whether or not you will support either the end of the filibuster or the packing of the court? 
This State has become one of the first five in the country to cover health care for children under its leadership. 
Mr. GEYER: Sir, people as well balanced as Father Theodore Hesburgh at Notre Dame, who was the head of the immigration selection board, have repeatedly pointed out that there will be no immigration reform without employer sanctions, because it would be an unbalanced bill and there would simply be no way to implement it. 
I think taxpayers are the ones who need the relief: I don't think we should add other programs of the magnitude that Governor Carter is talking about. 
That's why I told Afghanistan: if you're hosting a terrorist, you're just as guilty as the terrorist. 
But I'd just say that. 
We do them outside, we have huge crowds, as you can see, and literally on 24 hours notice. 
Didn't the president make a mistake there? 
This was done with a lot of reflection and deliberation. 
Don't go yet. 
Hillary Clinton, Secretary of State, acted in the interests of the United States. 
But I believe that we must help our people prepare for success in the twenty-first century. 
And you thought, so why lower prices? 
It was a statement. 
And when we talk about deficits, if we add to our deficit for tax cuts for people who don't need them, and we reduce the investments in research and science that will create the next Apple, create the next new innovation that will sell products all over the world, we will lose this race. 
I think we've been saying the same thing all along. 
Governor Clinton, you have a minute. 
I believe in the sanctity of marriage. 
Let me talk about it...[crosstalk] PENCE: Senator, I think I'm still on my time. 
They need help now. 
Senator -- GORE: Again, can't you just say that you support a woman's right to choose? 
And why don't we provide incentives for businesses and industry to start up in these areas? 
And it would be a parody if we left now in Iraq. 
Two thirds of the worst toxic waste landfills are cleaned. 
210,000 deaths in our country in recent months. 
Now I know the criticisms about it. 
CLINTON: Well, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace agreement, a ceasefire, a release of dissidents, an opening of new opportunities in countries around the world, or even spends 11 hours testifying before a congressional committee, he can tell me about endurance. 
Iran has made progress with its nuclear weapons programme. 
Fourthly, there was a small business survey across the country, said, what was Obamacare's effect on your hiring plans? 
No, I don't support the Green New Deal. 
Mr. Ford vetoed four times as many bills as Mr. Nixon - a year. 
The Soviet Union is no longer and we are working with a democratic country. 
Who's running this system? 
And we are going to do nothing and allow the actors of the state to follow our information, those of the private sector or those of the public sector. 
He repulsed them again and again, pushed them back to the United Nations, and rejected them individually. 
But let's look at the performance. 
And I was Secretary of State... 
TRUMP: The secretary said very loud about working with_we have been working with them for many years, and we have the biggest mess that no one has ever seen. 
There are very fundamental differences in this campaign. 
CARTER: The purpose of this debate and the outcome of the election will determine three fundamental things: leadership, respect for our country's principles and appropriate priorities and commitments for the future. 
The sooner we will be the better, if you put harsher sanctions on Castro, not try to make it easier for him. 
Thank you. 
When they say we're going to exceed the standards, we're giving the EPA a way to measure progress and put the regulation together. 
But all the committees, the Attorney General, the Special Prosecutor, all gave me a good health rating. 
His own head of the CDC said that if we were wearing masks by then, if everyone was wearing a mask and a social distance by January, we would probably save up to 100,000 lives. 
And Governor Romney, our alliances have never been stronger, in Asia, in Europe, in Africa, with Israel, where we have unprecedented military and intelligence cooperation, including in the face of the Iranian threat. 
Yes. 
Our most important ally in the war against terrorism, particularly in Iraq, is Prime Minister Allawi. 
We will learn from past mistakes in this administration and other administrations. 
We are about to go into a dark winter, a dark winter, and there is no clear plan and there is no prospect that there will be a vaccine available for the majority of the American people before the middle of next year. 
Like a lot of people we know at home had a drug problem. 
You're gonna have to look at him. 
Republican governors and democratic governors. 
That's what we call a receiver. 
That's not what's happening in Washington. 
But there's still a problem, because what's happening is that these insurance companies are pretty smart to find out who the younger and healthier seniors are. 
I think we have a safer nation, but we are far from safe. 
Can you say that? 
A lot of luck, Hillary. 
Yes, sir. 
I think he should have been severely disciplined, maybe suspended immediately. 
It's like you said in Texas one day, you know you've increased taxes too much, and you've done it, and you've cut the defense too much, Mr. President, and you've done it. 
This is not America we know in the past. 
I think we should re-establish the three-day waiting period under the Brady Act. 
And thirdly, we need an earned legalization program for people who have been here for a long time, stayed out of trouble, got a job, paid their taxes, and their children are American. 
They could have fixed it with a 2 cent screw. 
And that's the case. 
Our ties with Israel are more important than agreements or disagreements on certain details of diplomatic initiatives. 
Governor, I must -- duty -- actually, I must have you both (inaudible). 
Many of them exchanged it. 
And that's why I set up a working group to go after cheaters when it comes to international trade. 
Because there were a lot of really creative lines in it. 
They're intensifying their terrorist attacks. 
But I think we need to be very careful in the current situation before inviting the Russians to play a leading role in mediation. 
They're on the front line. 
We should have played a leading role, not at the military level, but at the organizational level, at the government level, in bringing the parties together, in finding responsible parties. 
(LAUGHTER) I -- there's an old debate story in high school, which is to respond to something and then attack your opponent in the end. 
We want to balance this budget, to return to budgetary responsibility. 
I think the President has done some things to raise the sense of mind, morale, common sense in this country, and he has the right to deserve it. 
And then we did it clearly, a second phase, take the submarine launch or the airborne missiles. 
It was a mistake. 
And Iraq is not even at the centre of the war on terrorism. 
If you announce it, we still have a significant deficit in each of their plans, as I understand them. 
It will come from the pockets of people who live in these very areas. 
Most people said that. 
It is certain that the Russians will do everything they can after Tito's death to force Yugoslavia to return to the Soviet camp. 
On this issue, the Vice-President and I do not agree. 
Now, the fact is that you're going to have a hard time convincing people that we were much better eight years ago than we are today. 
PENCE: We brought them to the heel, but the goal was always that we would only lift the sanctions if Iran definitively renounced their nuclear ambitions. 
Mr. President? 
Once again, we saw what happened this week in Washington. 
8% to more than 12% currently. 
I came from a small town, as you know, Plains, and didn't hold public office, didn't have much money. 
This is an encouraging election. 
More than 50 of them were killed this year by the Afghan forces we are trying to help. 
I'm not even sure you're too excited about it. 
This will help strengthen the American family. 
What is the greatest threat, a nuclear Iran or an unstable Afghanistan? 
And in this case, it's not just Roe v. Wade. 
To leave this in the air, that we will defend it under certain conditions, but not in others, I think it is a mistake. 
The problems you mentioned, social security, prescription drugs, the big drug companies are against the prescription drug proposal I made. 
He says he wouldn't do that. 
I'd like to know where Bill Clinton is on health insurance. 
It's a question of who they are. 
We are in a situation where there are thousands of deaths a day, thousands of deaths a day. 
People go back to work, 6 million of them. 
You should be able to, if in fact you can verify that, when, before the ballot is rejected, which is sufficient to be able to count the ballot because someone made a mistake and not bet the correct i. 
I don't mind releasing_I'm undergoing a routine audit. 
- Yes, yes. 
It's not specific. 
It was a remarkable event. 
We all know that social security is the backbone of the pension system in our country. 
It's the highest assignment. 
And that's where we're going right now unless we end this spending and borrow money. 
I've been under control for almost 15 years. 
Who would be the police units that would conduct an investigation? 
It seems to me that the President, whatever the President, is one of his highest responsibilities. 
You know, join the debate by saying crazy things. 
Secondly, he is a president — I have published all my income tax returns. 
I know, but when someone gets three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow. 
We disagree on this point, and 85 senators voted in one way, and 15 voted in the other. 
They did this until the beginning of the summer. 
That's not what it is. 
I didn't make a promise about... SCHIEFFER: But you're gonna have to cut some of these programs, certainly. 
Of course I do. 
We agree that this is an e.e. tearing guy, Philando Castille, who was killed in St. Paul, he was a worker, a valuable worker in a local school. 
And he was right then, and we are still man's last best hope on earth. 
My question is, since you supported it... TRUMP: Just_if you want to hear... HOLT: ... why is your_why is your judgment... TRUMP: Wait a minute. 
My name is Pamela Johnson and I'm the owner. 
We had a family break in our office, I'm sure. 
The answer to your question is very simple about why I am not going to church. 
I meet people all over the country. 
I understand what it is. 
And I think these men and women in these agencies are doing a good job. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, two minutes, opening statement. 
We must be ready to use military force against terrorist base camps, we must work closely with our allies to ensure that they work with us and with them and that we cannot give a quarter to break the back of international terrorism. 
HEARING_QUESTION: What I'm saying is -- BUSH: I'm not sure I get -- help me with the question and I'll try to answer it. 
With the expansion of the Patriot Act and the Patriot II Act, my question is why my rights are watered and those of my citizens around me? 
You're asking me to invoke the moderator's discussion? 
Let us make sure that this thing is as good as we all think at the end of the meeting. 
And God bless them, each of them has decided for himself to come here tonight. 
Maybe someone could call it a character trait, maybe someone wouldn't. 
You're not for the choice of school, you can't be for the choice of school, because it's still that special interest money. 
And it just brings me to the eight minutes and 46 seconds America witnessed, during which an American man was tortured and killed under the knee of an armed policeman and in uniform. 
I'll have an administration that will make you proud. 
A general of the Air Force not so long ago in Europe said that soon we would have aircraft without engines, tank commanders who cannot drive their tanks more than three quarters of a mile, because they do not have enough fuel. 
Let me say that I do not believe in the polls and say even more than what we are talking about, these are problems that the whole nation is facing. 
PENCE: Donald Trump paid all the taxes he has — don't you take the deductions? 
In this particular situation, no. 
I'll be very brief. 
Whether it's diabetes or cancer, they come to hospitals later and it costs more in the United States. 
But I'm not going to telegraph my punches, that's what Senator Obama did. 
And there should be a consequence when you carry a gun in a school. 
Health care costs for average Americans increased by 64 per cent; tuition increased by 35 per cent; gasoline prices increased by 30 per cent; health insurance premiums increased by 17 per cent a few days ago; prescription drugs increased by 12 per cent a year. 
PENCE: Well, we answer the question about — about a case, is it...KAINE: I want to go back to that, but... PENCE: His tax returns — his tax returns showed that he went through a very difficult period, but he used the tax code just as it is supposed to be used. 
First of all, I think Governor Romney was in favour of a ban on assault weapons before he was against her. 
I'm kind of reminded of what Will Rogers said about Hoover. 
How has the national debt personally affected each of your lives? 
And by the way, an excellent -- I mean, I think our success over the last eight years has not been in spite of diversity, but because of it. 
What are they, governor, from your point of view, between you and the vice president? 
We should support the Department of Justice in its efforts and the FBI, and we should be constantly vigilant. 
It is a continuation of at least insinuating that there is a link between 11 September and Saddam Hussein. 
That's exactly what it is. 
And when we didn't, like in North Korea -- let me take another example -- in North Korea, we cut off the talks. 
I like it. 
We must restore the faith and confidence of the American people in their own government. 
We fired this man from Kuwait. 
Follow-up, Anne? 
What I'm trying to say is that the tide of history is on our side, and we can keep it on our side, because we're on the right side. 
This means higher mortgage payments, especially those with variable rate mortgages, higher car payments, it would also lead to much deeper reductions in Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
He was in Afghanistan, he went to Iraq. 
I have played a very important role in the adoption of superfund legislation. 
And is a two-state solution the solution? 
I don't trust the Russians. 
Nancy Pelosi and Schumer have a plan. 
No, no, no, but I could say, you know, I ran a small grocery store around the corner, so I'm extrapolating that into the fact that I can run Wal-Mart. 
And, John, you're right: they use it for political purposes. 
No one knows, Mr. President, what they know is that you don't pay your taxes or that you pay taxes so low. 
MARGOLIS: Senator, we all just finished - most of the United States just finished one of the warmest summers they remember. 
Here, we are talking at this stage about the game of diplomatic power that we have. 
Shadel. 
But I built a phenomenal society. MCGEE: Mr.Morgan with a question for Senator Kennedy. 
Maybe he'll tell us where he is tonight. 
When Mr. Quayle said that all the networks said, that's not true. 
PENCE: Law enforcement in this country is a force for good. 
Now that you're Mr. Mondale's second, have you changed your position on either one? 
FERRARO: I advocate the use of force when it is necessary to protect the security of our country, to protect our security interests, to protect our people or to protect the interests of our friends and neighbours. 
Maybe it's to help get the civilians out. 
In other words, there are practical things we can do. 
We need a modern system to help seniors, and the idea of supporting a 132,000-page federal-controlled bureaucracy as a means of caring for seniors, and the only source of compassionate care for seniors is not my vision. I think we should give seniors more options. I think we should improve the functioning of the system. 
I just think that trying to be popular, in a way, in the global sense, if it's not in our best interest has no meaning. 
He said he was Cuba's second most powerful man. 
But we must also be intelligent. 
We owe China $500 billion. 
But it's too late. 
LEHRER: Mr.Governor, the word "pain" -- one of the other leadership things that you have is that you don't talk about pain, that you talk about all things -- no one is really going to have to suffer under your plan. 
You're going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. 
Wages and incomes have fallen. 
We - perhaps more shots but the size of their rocket thrust and everything else - you yourself said to Khrushchev, "You can be in front of us in the rocket thrust but we are in front of you in the colour television" in your famous discussion in the kitchen. 
On the other hand, women heads of households -- single women heads of household -- for the first time, the poverty rate has decreased for them. 
I had to make thousands of decisions, and each of these decisions was a learning process. 
I'll extend your trial. 
He said the reason was because there are three Soviet leaders in the last three and a half years. 
But it is also extremely important to keep in mind that when you pay money without paying technical assistance to w- too, that you have a disastrous situation. 
I know our allies, and I can work much more closely with them. 
Time's up. 
So I'll keep saying, I'm one. 
We have set a very high level for ourselves. 
I'm not going to hire the American forces until I know what the mission is, until the army tells me it could be completed, and until I know how it could get out. 
He worked very hard. 
That's what works in other countries and that's what will work here. 
President, that's not true. 
If we had followed your advice from Governor Romney on our automotive industry, we would buy cars from China instead of selling cars to China. 
A reminder. 
We'd be in trouble all over America. 
We're not talking about it. 
I know how to save billions of dollars in defence spending. 
First, I paid all the taxes I owe. 
Let's start with a premise. 
KAINE: Well, he said that NATO is obsolete. 
And we did something we really wanted to do. 
That would be good for me. 
Be careful. 
We will have a massive and massive increase in taxes under Hillary Clinton's plan. 
There is an audience here in the room, but they will remain absolutely silent for the next 90 minutes, except for now, when they join me in welcoming President Bush and Senator Kerry. 
We have reduced inflation by more than half. 
But more importantly, you're worried about the future and they'll have the same opportunities as you and I had. 
He continues, I suppose, on both sides. 
She has four children. 
I believe you can protect the environment and grow the economy. 
You can't like work and hate employers. 
In fact, I voted equally for the closure, but the majority in the House of Representatives went to the other side. 
Simpson-Bowles, the president should have caught him. 
You're going to see a lot of people fall on it, because every time you spend $199 billion a year, someone gets it. 
When the plague entered, we closed it, which was very psychologically difficult to do. 
Mr. KALB: Mr. Speaker, perhaps on the other side of the exhibit, a related matter, sir. 
You put your thumb on a button and someone blows 20 minutes later. 
You know, in April, I made a statement saying that the situation in Georgia was unsustainable because you had Russian peacekeepers in those disputed territories. 
It will come from the federal government's commitment to excise revenues on alcohol and tobacco by 1984. 
New question on social security. 
You must be able, for example, if you are going to open a business, to have a social distancing in the business. 
My problem is, I heard what he said. 
And the result is exactly what we see. 
Like your rally. 
Let us take the example of Darfur for a moment. 
The federal government continues to spend too much. 
President Carter? 
Did I make a difference to the Congress I served for 12 years? Yes, I did. 
You'll decide if we're going to continue fighting crime with a Brady Bill, attack the guns and finish putting on those 100,000 policemen. 
For example, in the Department of Transportation, we have reduced the total number of employees by about 25 per cent. 
In the end, I think the American people thought he'd recite all these bills and all these things, they want to know what's going to happen to them. 
He will know how to implement strategies, work with our commanders and listen to what they have to say, withdraw politics from these war issues. 
So it's another face of this puzzle. 
It's not a government takeover. 
Jeremy, first of all, your future is bright. 
They're just crushed. 
You'll see chronic unemployment. 
Then a lot of mutual mistrust developed. 
The issue of abortion is a very difficult one, which I think we all have to fight, we have to find a solution. 
They fell down, we brought reporters and everything. 
This was not proven when Ronald Reagan said we would do SDI, that is, missile defence. 
The problem of social security has not been resolved. 
Well, number one on Indochina, Mr. 
I didn't hear how his policy in Pakistan is going to be different from George Bush's. 
I didn't need anyone to tell me to go to the United Nations. 
We have people who have access to capital. 
Why would the country be better off if your racing companion became president rather than his racing companion? 
Well, I suggest that the families who live in our crime-besieged city centres...KAINE: Elaine, let me...QUIJANO: Governor, the question concerns Senator Scott. 
We must begin to return to the construction and rehabilitation of housing for low-income and moderate-income families in this country; housing for young families they can look forward to one day buying. 
And we ask you for our hand for your hands and your hearts, and your votes on November 8 so that we can move forward in the future. 
Some people say that someone who was very mean to me, Rosie O'Donnell, I told her very difficult things, and I think everyone would agree that she deserves it and that no one would feel sorry for her. 
You cannot succeed in this effort if you are not prepared to recognize the enormous contribution that Iraqis are increasingly making to their own future. 
Economic growth is now less than half of what it was at the beginning of this year. 
He says he's gonna make you tax reductions. 
They lived in Atlanta, but they lost their house. 
We continue to make natural gas research a priority. 
And when she filed a complaint, saying equal pay for equal work, the judges said, well, you know, it took you too long to bring this trial, even if she didn't know it until recently enough. 
I don't think... OBAMA: I want to make sure our timepieces work here. 
With Afghanistan, the facts are important, n.e. the fact is that our General Commander in Afghanistan said today that a push -- the principles of the thrust used in Iraq will not -- I repeat now -- our General Commander in Afghanistan said that the principle of the thrust in Iraq will not work in Afghanistan, not Joe Biden, our General Commander in Afghanistan. 
When you tell someone loud and clear if you want to carry a weapon illegally, we'll arrest you. 
And it's a fundamental difference of value between them and us. 
Andrea Mitchell has a question for you, Governor Dukakis. 
Flexibility is required for teacher training and the hiring of teachers with federal money. 
It was a conversation in the locker room, like I told you. 
He received three and a half million dollars from Moscow. 
But when you open, give people the ability to be able to open and have the ability to do so safely. 
Chris Stevens was one of our best. 
Clearly, the powers of the Secretary of the Treasury have been considerably expanded. 
Over the past four years, we have moved 1.9 million people out of the labour market and found good jobs. 
You must have, if you have a restaurant, you must have plexiglas dividers so that people can't infect each other. 
And any objective observer said that was not true. 
India is. 
George Bush did not want to enforce the laws and collect those taxes. 
We have a lot of legislators in Washington, D.C. 
Independent analysts have said that the fund will be out of money in 2023, or if it is not money, the benefits will have to be reduced by more than 50%. 
Many of you don't know, but Laura and I sent our girls to public school. 
Nixon's so-called shock to Japan had weakened our relations there. 
OBAMA: The federal government's primary role is to protect the American people. 
We have a problem with litigation in the United States of America. 
I just need to fix the file here. 
Good night, everybody. 
You do not, however, have to deal with the fundamental problem of the strength of the force, the one that will serve and the burden-sharing. 
Where are you gonna get the money? 
It was not a government takeover of health care. 
Return for a moment to foreign affairs, Mr President. 
Then she wants to fight. 
Do not applaud or express approval or disapproval during the debate. 
The truth is, if you listen carefully, Saddam would still be in power if he were the president of the United States, "and the world would be much better." 
I'm not gonna do that, I won't. 
He has gone to the Supreme Court, and your administration, Mr. President, is calling for the Court to cancel it. 
KAINE: Well, I think — isn't that a discussion? 
I'm taking responsibility. 
Boyd's question was not disclosed, I led the struggle, I think, in 1968, in the House - I was in the House of Representatives for a few terms - and I led the struggle for disclosure. 
We should double the growth rate and double the size of the US economy. 
And to see what they had in front of them. 
We have thousands, the equivalent of megatons, or millions of tons, of TNT warheads. 
But also, I think it is safe to say that we have energy sources that have not yet been used or found. 
He can't stay in power. 
It's incredibly hard. 
And I think that those who advocated freezing did not understand that there was a better way and that there was a better way to achieve asymmetrical reductions in principle. 
Of Obamacare's 21 tax increases, 12 hit the middle class. 
And we want to pursue this plan in a way that will reduce the level of nuclear weapons, build a more stable and peaceful world while making choices here at home. 
And people are actually very happy about what's going on, because our businesses are doing well. 
If you were a certain person, you had no status in life. 
He's talking about middle-class tax cuts. 
Let's see the facts. 
He printed cloths of drapery on long tables, where he pulled out these fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and threw the paint in and took the beating and kept g.d. so what I think is the more we can do for the middle class, the more we can invest in you, your education, your skills, your future, the better we will be outside and the better we will grow. 
The Clinton Foundation does a lot of good k. y Clinton as Secretary of State did not take any action for the benefit of the foundation. 
And Governor Dukakis. 
He recognizes that the government has a responsibility to get the farmer out of the trouble he is currently facing because the government has put him in it. 
Since then, he has blamed the people for inflation, OPEC, he has blamed the Federal Reserve system, he has blamed the lack of productivity of the American people, he then accused the people of living too well and that we have to share the rarity, we have to sacrifice and get used to doing things with less. 
This is the direct result of the failure of this administration. 
He puts his money in the years to come, and even if he was re-elected, he'd be gone before anything happened, and nothing's gonna happen. 
Before there were more than five cases in the United States, all those who had returned from China, President Donald Trump did what no other American president had ever done. 
It's hard to get past Congress, but he's been trying over the last three years. 
It's - sir, is it because each of you feels obliged to respond to the other when he talks about Quemoy and Matsu, and if that's true, do you think that an end should be called to this discussion, or will it remain with us as a campaign problem? 
Today, we have such an unbalanced tax system - as I said earlier - that it is a shame - ah of all taxes - the benefits now, 25% of them go to the 1% of the richest people in this country. 
Because she was a disaster as a senator. 
But quite so, my short-term answer is to fully fund the McKinney Act. 
We need to repair our health care system and we need to invest in our education system so that every young person can learn. 
And my successor, John Kerry, and President Obama, got an agreement that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without a single blow. 
I started working on welfare reform in 1980 because I was tired of seeing people trapped in a system that increasingly isolated them and made their children more vulnerable to trouble. 
I can't believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I was a politician. 
Bush: I would support the Orrin Hatch version, not the Senator Kennedy version. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: I ask you, you know, during the Egyptian unrest, when you said it was time for President Mubarak to leave. 
And we will never accept military options from the table. 
Because it's a political thing. 
(Laughter) 
My Social Security contribution will increase, just like Donald's, assuming he can't figure out how to get out of it. 
RYAN: We do not think that unelected judges should make this decision; that people through their elected representatives to reach consensus in society through the democratic process should make this decision. 
Because what he does will create millions of new, well-paying jobs. 
And I don't know where that duck could have come from when Mr. Falwell chose the judges of the Supreme Court. 
But it's not things that matter. 
And for years I have lived with the burden of the Middle East, where it is the eye for an eye and a tooth for a country of tooth, in terms of their misfortune with the fact that I have succeeded in this effort. 
Wear your safety toe shoes when you leave. 
And the biggest threat to America is terrorists with weapons of mass destruction. 
As part of your federal deficit reduction plan, you suggested increasing gasoline taxes by 50 cents per gallon over 5 years. 
Why am I taking it now? 
The Laos is going in that direction. 
Mr President, you said, "I don't think science knows. During your four years, you have withdrawn the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement. 
Governor Romney, I really think I care about education, but when he tells a student that, you know, "you should borrow money from your parents to go to college," you know, that indicates the degree to which, you know, there may not be as much concentration on the fact that people like me, people like Michelle, kids who probably go to Denver University, don't have that option. 
Why do you think it is preferable to pay unemployment benefits to inactive people rather than to place them in public service jobs? 
I love it. 
The president really cut the money for that. 
But if we fail the responsibility will be clearly on the Russians and then we will have to shoulder our responsibilities to the security of the United States, and we may have to do underground testing. 
I think it is important for NATO to be strong and confident. 
Can I answer that? 
When the President of Iraq excuses me, from Iran, Ahmadinejad, says that our debt does not make us a great country, it is a frightening thing. 
Doing business for America so that we can do more in America and sell them abroad, and defend small businesses. 
I think we should support the people of Serbia and Yugoslavia, as they call Serbia plus Montenegro, and exert pressure in every possible way to recognize the legitimate outcome of the election. 
And he was telling me things that I knew were wrong. 
I think it's... very difficult for President Ford to explain the difference between President Nixon's pardon and his attitude towards those who violated the bill. 
I fundamentally disagree with my friend. 
Why, given the kind of violence we sometimes see with these massacres? 
No democrats presented Mondale's tax bill to Congress. 
Have we caused any damage? That's not true. 
This exciting future will not only give us more energy security, but will also open up great opportunities for the Americans to live a better life and to have millions of new jobs associated with this new and very dynamic industry now in perspective because of the new energy policy that we have implemented. 
New jobs and clean energy, not only to combat climate change, which is a serious problem, but also to create new opportunities and new businesses. 
So we only have three -- three minutes -- left in the debate before we move on to your closing statements. 
So keep the social security line, and put a ceiling on the growth of the mandatory program. 
Tipper and I have four children. 
Our third century should be the century of individual freedom for all our two hundred and fifteen million Americans today and all those who join us. 
PENCE: It's not more to spend... [crosstalk] KAINE: I'm interested in whether he'll defend his partner who doesn't offer taxes and pay taxes. 
Varner ? 
It was they who shot him first and the record is very, very clear about it. 
Well, the record in Arkansas. 
I'm in the middle of this. 
I'm a fervent Catholic. 
Now understand what it means "without preconditions". 
You said that you did not exclude that there are limits to what we can spend, and then you continued to talk about a much more expensive part of our defence strategy, namely, conventional forces. 
Who has the experience we trust? 
Vice President, you go first. 
And all these things have happened because the Philippines aspires to democracy. 
We must continue until all these nuclear weapons in Russia are left and the other republics. 
This is a group of killers who will not only kill here, but will kill children in Russia, who will attack mercilessly in Iraq, in the hope of shaking our will. 
And that's my biggest concern for my opponent. 
GORE: -- try to solve this problem, especially when we can do so while we create jobs in the process. 
Why wouldn't they? 
I'm going to wait until we see that this rate of inflation is going to fall, before I even start to relax the business tax cuts I've been talking about. 
I'll be able to balance the budget. 
They decided that the hour of diplomacy was over and that they were rushing to war without predicting what would happen next. 
And you can take it on the charts, you look at all the studies that the different groups have done, you come out 4, 5, 6 years, we are still drifting with a huge deficit. 
It's the president's responsibility. 
Ross, it's a nice speech, but it's not that simple. 
There's an explosion of single-parent families. 
But -- but the idea that you get a break for overseas shipping is simply not the case. 
But let me start with what you said. 
And I -- and to do that, it also means that I can't reduce the burden paid by high-income Americans. 
It will not take miracles and it will not happen overnight, but we can do much, much better if we have the courage to change. 
And I know that we have restored authority and autonomy to the people. 
You're all on time, which is remarkable, since we've been there... 
America is back in terms of military force, in terms of our ability to deter aggression and maintain peace. 
Would the increase in taxes put the recovery in jeopardy? 
There should be a full-time atomic energy specialist, independent of the electricity company in the control room, full-time, twenty-four hours a day, to close a plant if an anomaly develops. 
It wasn't a mistake. 
RYAN: Well, we agree with the same red line, actually, they do it on chemical weapons, but not put the American troops in, other than to secure these chemical weapons. 
The last thing we want to do is engage more forces anywhere. 
Abraham Lincoln had character. 
She says, "What do you not know and how are you going to learn?" 
Mr. WARREN: I would like to ask you this: It is a fact, I think, that the presidential candidates traditionally make promises to farmers. 
And the CBO said -- it's the Congressional Budget Office; it's bipartite -- that the benefits should be reduced from 25 to 40 percent. 
And that — at the moment, moreover, Wall Street has indicated that my plan — my plan will, in fact, create 18.6 million jobs, 7 million more than its own. 
And suggest -- am I incorrect in this regard, on Sunday, your secretary -- OBAMA: Candy? 
I do not believe that we, the United States, should sell, give or otherwise transfer military equipment to the People's Republic of China, or to any other communist nation, such as the Soviet Union, etc. 
But I don't agree with them, like many. 
Hon.BRUNO: Agreed, Senator Gore. 
Senator McCain -- Senator Obama, who do you think of the Secretary of the Treasury? 
It is essential that we extend freedom, that we extend it to everyone. 
I've got Texas. 
We had no difference on whether we were going to fund troops. 
Carter said he would be grateful to a NATO communist government. 
The contrast could not be clearer. 
Mr.FERRARO: I think the Vice-President's comment on the Carter-Mondale administration really illustrates this administration. 
But he has the first word in this segment. 
I think it is intolerable that we have so many millions of children without health insurance. 
I spend a lot of time talking to young people, and in my standard speech on the strain, I usually finish my speech by saying, I want to ask you something and I want to direct it mainly to young people in the audience. 
We had an aid - 46% of those who enlisted in the voluntary army until 1977 said they did it for a particular reason, the G.I. 
In the last debate, my opponent said that these prosecutions only raised the cost by 1%. 
You have to earn that respect. 
I supported this effort to provide better guidance to the courts; John McCain opposed it. 
RYAN: Let me... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: Let me try to illustrate the problem here, because I think that -- it can get a little confused. 
First of all, understand that the biggest problem in this process has been the deregulation of the financial system. 
You ask when you decide to deploy them. The interests of the American people must be at stake. 
The norm is, if you have a reproductive rate in a community that is above a certain level, everyone says, slow down. 
And community colleges are about work. 
The only people affected by my plan are America's best sources of income. 
Today, America has a huge burden in this regard. 
I disapprove of the problem. 
People are arrested, and we need to do something about it. 
You see him in the church burns. 
According to the Federal Reserve, the success of growth, which will be there, will not be as great as they expected. 
We need to make sure we give them the energy they need or help them create the energy they need. 
This is the largest ever increase in health care in the federal government. 
We must have a strong army, too. 
Different people with different points of view fight each other. 
And that Al Gore and I will do whatever it takes to keep them like this. 
If we had not taken our initiative, it is very possible that the Rhodesian government was invaded and that the Soviet Union and the Cubans dominated southern Africa. 
People must be made aware of what others feel, what insults them, what humiliates them. 
We believe that we really need defective reform. 
George Bush, a few years ago, said that social security was basically a social protection system. 
The 11 September Commission said it was true. 
About the self-financing of mine. 
They're not gonna follow someone who says it's the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
Now we will have to make sure that when we trade with other nations, they respect the rules. 
Of course, we will have to make some determination on this subject, and we will have to do so on the strength of the assembly. 
And therefore, I think we all have to ask ourselves hard questions about, you know, why do I feel like this? 
I'll make you a tax reduction. 
I'd like to come in... 
TRUMP: We didn't have any negative effects. 
I like the fact that in my state, Republicans and Democrats have come together and worked together. 
I don't think we can be all things for everyone in the world. 
One of them was a father who had been laid off a few months ago and had lost his health insurance. 
So far, it's just a start. 
And we agree. 
That's what I'm trying... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: He should have answered the first question. 
I've never seen members of a party locked out of meetings like they're locked up today. 
TRUMP: Well, D.C. vs. Heller's decision was very strong -- and she was extremely angry about it. 
I could answer a lot of these things. 
We must bring the insurrection down to a low level, let the Afghans take care of it. 
We must bring together the best resources in this country to understand that cyberwar is the new war of the asymmetric enemies we face in this country. 
I'm a hunter. 
What is your definition – we have seen tensions with China, of course, as the Vice-President mentioned, we have seen tensions with our traditional allies in NATO and elsewhere. 
It is your understanding of the forces of change that sweep the world, and whether or not you are able to provide leadership for these forces of change to work for us and not against us. 
One country lacks human rights. 
GORE: - and just before he died, he co-written an article that was - statements were removed completely from the context. 
We have not been updated from a new point of view. 
That's right. 
We don't need anyone to come in and say, "Let them stop." 
As far as 20,000 new bureaucrats are concerned, as you call them, you know, the size of the federal government is going to decrease in a Gore administration. 
But what the American people cannot afford is four more years of failed economic policies. 
I work with people every day. 
Speaking of that and that. 
The government's role is to promote and protect the principles of these documents. 
Number three, we have to control our own energy. 
The violence stopped when these leaders came to America. 
People with masks. 
Ten seconds, President Trump. 
And in my view, the Constitution must be interpreted as a document that grows with our country and our history. 
It was the group that got all the tax cuts under the Bush-Quayle administration. 
But according to Governor Romney's definition, there are a bunch of millionaires and billionaires who are small businesses. 
As far as Japan and other countries are concerned, we are torn apart by everyone in the -- we are defending other countries. 
Minority corporate ownership is on the rise, because we have created an environment for strong entrepreneurship. 
It's our whole life. 
And in recent days, President Trump's doctors have given misleading answers or refused to answer basic questions about his health. 
By the role of leader. 
And I think you'll see that people are unemployed. 
You think it's relevant. 
I think we can do better. 
What we have done is to maintain the focus on spending in order to reduce the rate of inflation. 
And yet, what is wrong with a major effort by this country to try to use its best technology to cut down as many nuclear warheads as possible? 
Some of the things that can be done about this are a change in the structure of electricity companies' tariffs. 
I agree with the fact that too many politicians in Washington in both parties have always opposed the reform of campaign financing. 
We must have all the above, alternative fuels, wind, tide, solar energy, natural gas, clean coal technology. 
the model air pollution laws that have been passed in California have been passed on Governor Reagan's objections, and this is a well-known fact. 
I'd like to know who they are. 
There's an audience here in the room, but they've been instructed to keep quiet all along. 
We brought together seven Republicans, seven Democrats. 
They're coming back. 
I went to Iraq in 2003 and I came back and said we had to change that strategy. 
Answer me, I've got a quick follow-up for you. 
So, after Soleimani's strike, there was a counter-attack on our troops in Iraq. 
What is the difficulty in limiting the 12 term of the members of the Congress? 
The Soviet Union is making great progress. 
Of course not. 
And we don't want to waste taxpayers' money. 
About four hundred billion are the result of what individuals do. 
I want to make sure we rebuild our army to maintain peace. 
That's why I'm for the instant background check at gun exposures, I'm for trigger locks, I think that makes sense. 
And the answer they gave was: One, more economic development. 
I wasn't happy when we found out there were no weapons, and we have an intelligence group together to figure out why. 
We have the support of Colin Powell, Cindy McCain, John Kasich, more than 500 generals, retired generals, and former national security experts and advisers support our campaign. 
Hamas won. 
It was also a way to get a lot of money from our people's pockets to people who illegally enter our country. 
TRUMP: Well, you must understand the first time I heard about Black Lives Matter that they were singing "pigs in a blanket," talking about the police, "pigs, pigs," talking about our police, "pigs in a blanket, fried like bacon. 
Because they know that Senator Kennedy will have to know that if you do, you will encourage them to become more aggressive. 
CARTER: As long as there is a democratic president in the White House, we will have a strong and viable social security system, free from the threat of bankruptcy. 
And that's why AARP said your plan would weaken Medicare considerably. 
I must say that my campaign has been opened. 
No credible economist on either side accepts as realistic your plan to manage the deficit by strengthening tax collection, investing in economic growth, reducing interest rates and cutting down DUKAKIS weapons systems: And some national programs too, Andrea. 
We met the young America. 
And I got up with these people, and I understand what you need to do to be strong in this situation, and it's moving, not as fast as we want. 
Because the private sector is not going to invest in a... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: I am -- I am -- I am happy. 
But Russia has developed its _they have a much more recent capacity than we have. 
They have gone for what is politically popular, rather than what could work and be leadership. 
I'm not talking about leaving. 
The President of the United States must have a veto on one point of the line. 
Do we have a world of hunger and hatred, and are we going to live in an armed camp stripped of our friendship and allies hiding behind a tight defense that has been drawn around us because we are fearful of the outside world? 
He voted to increase taxes 98 times. 
It's a good policy. 
As far as the timetables are concerned, this cannot be the United States timetable as to how the discussions take place. 
You want to tackle the economy and the deficit first. 
And I will support these reforms, and I will fund those that are being reformed. 
There is another part of the unbalanced economy in which we are today, that is, these large deficits have killed exports and flood the nation with cheap imports. 
He was furious because he told me it was the action of me, President Ford, who saved the life of the Mayaguez crew. 
Revenues exceed social security spending until 2015, which means that all retirees will get the promises made. 
The vice president talks about national security. 
That is the question that arises in this campaign. 
Come on. 
Followed in a similar vein, then. 
Which we must reduce. 
We have to tell our friend in China, you play aggressively. We understand that. But it can't go on. 
We are fortunate that she is the head of the Commission. 
What if Assad doesn't fall, MP Ryan? 
No, I didn't. 
And it goes with the grass, too. 
And I want to thank the people of St. Petersburg for being such a wonderful host. 
RADDATZ: I want to come back to the abortion issue here. 
Rudy Giuliani, mayor of New York City, dropped the crime to 25 percent in New York City. 
And they educated more than 20,000 of these students, loaned more than $100 million. 
What you're doing -- you're talking about a government program. 
You have two minutes each. 
When we kicked -- with France, we took Hezbollah out of Lebanon, I said, and Barack said, "Move NATO forces in there. 
And the biggest threat we are facing right now is not a nuclear missile going through the sky. 
No one has the answer. 
A red light means five seconds. 
That's good. 
I built an incredible company. 
For each of you, how would you fight climate change and support job growth at the same time? 
I'll see if you can defend him. 
I can categorically promise the American people that no one will lose benefits under our social security plan until 2054. 
So these are the types of things I would work on. 
As president, I'll make sure we travel him. 
If we are doing well here, if we are fulfilling our obligations, if we are moving forward, then I think freedom will be guaranteed all over the world. 
This risky $550 billion tax regime that I mentioned earlier is said by the Concord coalition, including Republicans like Pete Peterson and Warren Rudman, to represent a threat to our nation's ability to have a reasonable defence budget in the future. 
Name more. 
They concluded that my plan would cover everyone and leave $27 million behind by the year 2000 and that my plan over the next 12 years would save $2.2 trillion in public and private dollars to reinvest in this economy and that the average family would save $1,200 per year under the plan I was offering without any erosion in the quality of health care. 
I told you I'd never do such a thing. 
Don't do that. 
And I'm going to lead these troops to victory. 
Every year, I get the call. 
President, refutation. 
He's gonna tell you he's raised the money, and he's done it. 
Mr. NIVEN: Mr. Vice-President, Senator Kennedy said last night that the Administration must assume responsibility for the loss of Cuba. 
The first question concerns Senator Kerry, and it will come from Cheryl Otis, who is right behind me. 
And there were spikes and surges in other places. 
And that's now the smallest number we've had since -- the smallest number since John Kennedy's administration. 
900. 
That's what I think. 
It was a great doctrine throughout the Cold War. 
We're gonna do clinics. 
We have succeeded in Afghanistan. 
His two minutes. 
I thought it was a bad decision. 
The reason we have an army is to be able to fight and win wars. 
Senator Kennedy quotes the record he read a moment ago, but what he forgets to point out is that the key vote - a vote that I mentioned several times - where he was a minority was a vote that rejected his position. 
And ask yourself, "Is it not time to stop talking about it? 
Mr. Speaker, why did you block the re-importation of safer and inexpensive drugs from Canada, which would have reduced costs from 40 to 60 per cent? 
Mlle Loomis ? 
And we have some young people in the audience who weren't even born when Roe was decided. 
But next door, of course, we have Egypt. 
And I think the president has them, and I'm not at all convinced that his opponent does. 
Can you describe your administration's support for the constitutional prohibition of same-sex unions? 
I'll tell you this, I want to do something about it. 
So, let's try to be serious about it. 
I think R.n.'s program failed. 
PALIN: You do what I did as governor, and you appoint people regardless of party affiliation, democrats, independents, Republicans. 
First of all, let me make sure that all the seniors who are listening today understand that when we talk about social security reform, they will always have their cheques. 
And as far as education is concerned, what I said is that we need to reform schools that do not work. 
- Talk about a scam. 
Now, for weapons control, we've finished four years. 
I didn't have any trouble explaining it. 
Let me tell you who I'm partnering with. 
Mr. NIVEN: Mr. Vice-President, you said that while Mr. Khrushchev is here, Senator Kennedy should talk about what is right with this country and what is wrong with the country. 
In other words, Mr. Anderson. 
And how can we ensure that we reduce spending responsibly, but also, how do we have enough revenue to make these investments? 
It's a big thing. 
Now, I think the Russians should understand that we, the United States, will support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in the natural process, the inclusion in NATO. 
We must commit ourselves to being involved and to being the leader. 
Thank you very much, Chris. 
We have our army delivering soldiers and they can make 200,000 a day. 
Maybe it's republican, maybe it's democratic. 
Oh, yes, of course. 
KAINE: ...and I'd like to talk about things that Governor Pence doesn't want to recognize, Elaine. 
We have a positive environmental agenda because we deeply believe that it is our children and our future. 
The answer here is a new technology that will create millions of new jobs. 
They exiled some, imprisoned others, killed others. 
We need to invest and grow, and that's what I want to do. 
Question: Good morning, Governor. 
And he won't advise me at the White House. 
But I'm not gonna do that. 
We come from 100 different corners of the earth. 
I did not say that Arizona law was a model for the nation in this regard. 
The plane was not flying as it was supposed to be; it was a waste of money. 
The war against terrorism is to ensure that these terrorist organizations do not end up acquiring weapons of mass destruction. 
We are expanding our housing programme. 
In Longview, Texas, the other day, I met a woman who was almost in tears because she had been able to keep her job while spending time with her husband who had cancer. 
I saw the agreement that Prime Minister Rabin and Yassir Arafat signed on the West Bank. 
Wait a minute, President Bush. 
I don't think you should -- shouldn't have to hire a lawyer to figure out how to get into this country legally. 
Now Senator Kennedy has spoken about the vote on Communist China. 
[Laughs.] 
What does it mean to them if you remove the Affordable Care Act? 
I think we need to invest in American jobs, American education, control the costs of American health care and reunite the American people. 
But I believe that no one in this country should be denied the right to speak, or even try to persuade others to follow their leader. 
We have a son deployed abroad in the Marine Corps right now. 
Never use the smart word with me. 
And if you don't, do you think you should? 
DOLE: First of all, let me answer this question about the 1982 tax reduction. 
It was bad then. 
I'm running to be a president who happens to be Catholic. 
Here are the key ingredients. 
And thanks to this great general, David Petraeus, and the troops who serve under him, they succeeded. 
And there's no control over what you're doing with that money. 
Would you like your State of origin to impose no restrictions on access to abortion? 
Thirty years ago, there were three policemen on the street for every crime; today, there are three for every police officer. 
Over the next four years, we will continue to strengthen our domestic defences. 
U.S. salaries have fallen. 
And if you end up losing your health care from your employer, you have to go out into the open market and try to buy it. 
(CROSSTALK) LEHRER: What's the difference... ROMNEY: Well, but -- but practically -- practically everything he just said about my tax plan is incorrect. 
That's more than the average teacher does. 
Absolutely not. 
Just -- a report just came out that the average franchise has increased by 30% on American families. 
What about this issue of reopening and facts? 
Secondly, I believe that this administration's policy of high interest rates has added about $3 billion a year to interest on debt - debt financing - which is a burden on taxpayers. 
And you'll both be interested in knowing it's coming from the Internet and it's from a state you both strongly dispute. 
I object because I want us to have more oil exploration and no less. 
The Patriot Act is vital -- it is vital that Congress renew the Patriot Act that allows our law enforcement forces to disrupt terrorist cells. 
Or will we be able to pay the mortgage? 
Boy. 
We must also ensure that the entire people of the United States — the great talents of our people — are properly used. 
It's something I've been working for 15 years. 
And when I voted as a senator, I didn't think that was the case. 
And he also says you're going to have to get discounts if insurance companies spend more on administrative costs and benefits than on actual care. 
They know she's a role model for women and others -- and reformers all over America. 
So we can't ignore these lessons from history. 
It's so heavy they give you a broken back. 
There are extremists in all regions of the Middle East who want to kill this peace process. 
It's okay. 
And I promise you tonight that I will try to address your concerns and not try to exploit them. 
In Chicago, they have had thousands of shootings, thousands since January 1st. 
We saw on September 11th that the next decision that a president must make can affect the lives of all of us. 
2 trillion new spending, and yet the so-called rich tax, which is also a tax on many small business owners in America, raises $600 million by our account -- billion, $800 billion by its account. 
Campaign funding could help. 
These debates are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
Yeah, I'm about to. 
He said, well, if we have them, why not use them, which I think is terrifying. 
Go on. 
But I warn you, gentlemen, if you do it regularly, we will not deal with many subjects. 
I'll try to help you, Joe. 
The kind of country we have here, the kind of society we have, the kind of force we build in the United States will be the defence of freedom. 
I struggled for, and Congress eventually followed a general revenue-sharing program, whereby cities and states, two thirds and states, one third, get more than $6 billion a year in cash through which they can provide a lot, a lot of services, what they really want. 
Senator Kennedy, Vice-President Nixon said that he cost the party's two platforms and that yours would run at least ten billion dollars a year more than his own. 
That's the problem, Martha. 
Do you want to give us the names of three or four Americans, each of whom, if appointed, would serve with distinction in your judgment as Secretary of State? 
I think we should raise the age at which a minor can carry a handgun from 18 to 21. 
We are not able to consume what we are able to produce at a time when the Soviet Union is making great economic gains. 
I sold them my remaining shares. 
A supporter of Senator Obama is Warren Buffett. 
And in many cases, they don't have adequate shelter. 
Floyd was killed, there was a peaceful demonstration in front of the White House. 
Of course, I support the President's economic agenda and I support him in everything else. 
The only weird man here, there's only one left, John McCain, number one. 
We want to reduce the incidence of abortion in our society. 
33,000 e-mails deleted, and now she says there was nothing more important g. d, it was after getting a summons. 
The ability to fight, if necessary, is the best way to avoid luck or the requirement to fight. 
And a free Iraq will make this world a more peaceful place. 
In October, there was another attack and the attack took place in the maritime barracks, where 242 young men were killed. 
They're going to do a huge job.I'm going to get rid of the interest provision. 
The first question will be addressed to Mr. Mondale. 
When they tried to cut taxes, he voted against this 127 times. 
Yeah, listen. 
If you haven't balanced your budget, you're out of business. 
But what is the advantage, in a low-income area, of sending a child to a failed school and this is your only choice? 
BUSH: It's a government that thinks a 2% rate of return on your money is satisfactory. 
And by the way, I had this experience. 
There's probably a lot of kids here who don't agree with me. 
And that forces us to make important choices. 
And Kristen — every meeting I had — every meeting I had — and I met a lot of families, including the Gold Star families and the military families, every meeting I had — and I had to meet them, I had to, it would be horrible to have cancelled everything. 
HARRIS: – try to get rid of the affordable care law, which means you will lose the protections, if you have pre-existing conditions. 
Hon.WOODRUFF: Senator Bentsen - I will interrupt at this point and ask the audience once again to keep your answers as silent as possible. 
I was just hanging out. 
However, this fall, you authorized the Simpson-Mazzoli bill -- which would at least have protected our borders and citizenship rights -- because of a relatively small issue of state reimbursement for legalized aliens. 
Similarly, a study by McKinsey and Company of American business stated that 30 percent of them anticipate the abandonment of coverage. 
The Vice-President felt that only the right people should benefit from tax relief. 
And we're talking about evidence. 
Foreign countries pay you a lot. 
We spent more money -- we spend more money in three weeks on fighting in Iraq than we spent all the last seven years in Afghanistan building this country. 
The future will be the best time in the history of this country if we succeed in defeating this division that ravages the rest of the world. 
In South Africa of the Sahara, which is the new major section, we have fewer students from all over Africa in this field of study under the auspices of the government today than the country of Thailand. 
Number three, I'm going to make the government more efficient and reduce the number of employees, combine some agencies and departments. 
When I say "phonetic spirit", I mean false, not because the spirit is not good on our side, but because the Soviet Union simply does not intend to carry out what they say. 
Because it got a little ugly over there. 
The Utah Debate Commission has asked state students to write essays on what they would like to ask you. 
COMPTON: Governor, millions of Americans are entitled to some of the protections and benefits that the federal government provides, including social security, pensions, Medicare for the elderly, Medicaid for the poor. 
President Trump, former Vice President Joe Biden. 
I'm talking about the minimum wage, gentlemen. 
And I'll give it to America. 
And the leaders will sit down and negotiate, and they will come to agreements with the people they trust. 
I will continue to stress this issue for the next four years. 
And we need public order. 
Each Republican on the Rules Committee voted against sending this bill for consideration by the members of the House of Representatives. 
But I'm gonna try harder to keep it on a high plane. 
And it's the biggest country on Earth. 
This is a place where my opponent and I have a strong disagreement. 
He's the first president to come and say it's the end of it. 
I remember the world with NATO, the world of Point 4, the world of the Marshall Plan and the world of the Peace Corps. 
Secretary Clinton, I want... we will have no open borders. 
We will move on to another question and the subject is leadership in this campaign. 
Mr. Speaker, if there was a vacancy in the Supreme Court and you had the opportunity to fill this position today, who would you choose and why? 
And it's also unfair to drop those huge bills on our children. 
So -- that's it, okay. 
But if you send a Republican president and a democratic majority and the threat of a veto weighs on Congress, in my opinion, you will continue what happened during the August session, which is a conflict between parties and inaction. 
She made bad judgments about Libya, about Syria, about Iraq. 
And it continues to support a failed policy in Central America that is worsening and has in fact increased Cuban and Soviet influence in this region. 
I want small businesses -- and by the way, the small businesses we're talking about would get an increase in their taxes right now. 
If that's true, tell me now. 
You don't have the right to do that either. 
With respect to our tax code, Governor Romney and I both agree that our corporate tax rate is too high, so I want to reduce it, especially for manufacturing, to 25 percent. 
My question to the Governor is: Any serious examination of the future supply of energy and other essential resources - including air, land and water - reveals that we are facing shortages and rising prices, and that, in many respects, we are pushing the environment to dangerous limits. 
They have no idea where they came from. 
But here — Hillary Clinton and her husband created a private foundation called the Clinton Foundation. 
TRUMP: Well, you owe an apology to the president, because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal — there's another real winner you have — and he's the one who started that, with your campaign manager, and they were on television only two weeks ago, she was, saying exactly that. 
And under my plan, four years from now, as a percentage of our gross domestic product, federal spending will be the lowest in 50 years. 
There will be a 90-second response, a 60-second refutation and a 30-second response to each question. 
We need to help people succeed at home and at work. 
We have increased the debt over the last eight years than under all the presidents of George Washington to Jimmy Carter combined. 
Vote, vote, vote. 
LEHRER: New... MCCAIN: You might think that with this kind of concern, Senator Obama would have gone to Afghanistan, especially given his responsibilities as chair of the subcommittee. 
We must be bold. 
So this shows a break in leadership. 
But we did. 
Not if I didn't have a better idea. 
I know you do. 
Me too. 
We need strong leadership. 
Let him speak, Mr. WALLACE. 
And to my knowledge, I don't think the President has said anything to Putin about it. 
But you were getting a lot of money from Russia. 
Don't change the subject. 
BUSH: When you total all the federal spending it wants to do, it's the largest increase in federal spending in years. 
They said, "Oh! There'll be trouble. I say, "No, they are not. " 
And as I pointed out in 1952, I made it very clear that with regard to the Korean War, I felt that the decision to enter the Korean War was right and necessary. 
There are so many things that could be done to ensure the security of this country. 
If we want to win the war on terrorism, it seems to me that it is clear that the choice is George Bush, not John Kerry. 
But I think the question is, if he were to approach the White House, what would these conflicts be? 
I will continue, within four years, to try to do so. 
I will not accept any restrictions on production -- or any agreements, unless we have the capacity to verify these agreements. 
We've been hit. 
One way to do this is to get these fathers to pay their obligations to these mothers. 
More than 7 million people have contracted this disease. 
This is what it takes to have a strong foreign policy in the country, a strong defence, permanent commitments, not to betray the principles of our country, and to involve the American people and Congress in the formulation of our foreign policy. 
When you do well, America does well. 
This debate takes place in front of an audience at the Palace of Fine Arts Theater in San Francisco. 
I think we should make all schools free of weapons. 
A president can't do that. 
And some people in senior management positions tell us that the answer is to withdraw. 
Because he's going to disavow what's in his book. 
Because they want to give good care. 
After international pressure, President Obama said that Bashar Assad should leave. 
There's a small audience in the lobby tonight. 
I believe in the balanced budget. 
11,000 people in nursing homes. 
Because you weren't president... 
But for me, trying, in this very pluralistic society of our society, to frame any definition, whatever it is, of what this belief should be, is wrong. 
And it was worth moving the sky and the earth to get it. 
But if you have a private purchase voucher plan, it should be determined by the states in the localities where they collect and spend most of the money. 
JENNINGS: In fact, I would like to follow up if I may mention that you have indicated its membership card to the American Union of Civil Liberties. 
There is now a democratically elected President in Haiti. 
Whether it's 6 or 5, but it's 6 or 6 trillion dollars in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. 
We had an even worse oil shock in 1979. 
You paid for it. 
And, Mr. Romney -- Governor Romney -- there will be a lot of chances here to continue, but I want... ROMNEY: That -- this Detroit -- that Detroit response -- CROWLEY: We have all these people. 
And that's the kind of judge I'm gonna put there. 
What kind of country are we going to be? 
They had a chance. 
Is it possible that despite some setbacks in the Middle East, they have proved their point of view? 
Vice President, your economic plan... 
The African-American community — because — look, the community inside the city centres has been so badly treated. 
The president just said that the FBI had changed its culture. 
I've appointed more than 130 people, so I have a record. 
I'm sorry. 
That is why I asked you not only to look at my case, but also at my proposals for the future of this country. 
PALIN: Well, first of all, McClellan did not say definitively that the principles of push would not work in Afghanistan. 
And it is used in an effort to divide this country on an issue on which we should not divide America. 
And for everyone to be clear, when they say debt, it means you owe someone money. 
QUAYLE: We don't have a program that encourages businesses to close here and go and invest on foreign soil. 
And if someone is in the middle of a speech to, you know, one of those conventions, I would expect the candidate to come out and take him up from the scene if he starts preaching hatred, because we don't have time for that. 
Mr. Nixon is misinformed. 
We have too many drug addicts as children. 
He talks about this fantastic government plan to take thousands and thousands of square kilometres to Western states. 
The audience here in the room agreed to be polite, and attentive, no encouragement or shrapnel. 
They talk from the top of the chain and go after only these people in the top of the chain. 
Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that's not the facts. 
The United States of America should not be blamed for the management of Mexico's monetary policy. 
What happened? 
What worries me a little is that Donald Trump owes about $650 million to the banks, including the Bank of China. 
And foreign companies now come to buy our factories — buying so many of our different factories, and then refreshing them so they can take care of their oil. 
Good evening at the University of Washington in St. Louis, Missouri. 
TRUMP: She got huge — she got huge hatred. 
That is why I think it is important for us to get loan guarantees from car manufacturers, but we must hold them accountable as well to start producing the fuel-efficient cars of the future. 
That was in 2009. 
If I could answer that. 
I wish you'd ask that, who built the cages? 
We settled the case with zero — without admitting guilt. 
And social security is not enough for a large number of people to live, or at least not enough for them to maintain something like their previous lifestyle. 
CLINTON: Oscar, the question of what the federal government should do to limit tobacco access to youth is one of the biggest differences between Senator Dole and me. 
States like Florida, Colorado, Virginia and other states. 
They were extremely ill, and I just found it fun that they took two or three cases where I was involved in prosecution and engaged an investigator -- lawyers would hire an investigator, which is common. 
I firmly believe in the defense of Formosa. 
Money goes to 100 percent -- 100 percent goes to different charities, including many military. 
I hope he does. 
I think that the lesson in Central America, this recent embarrassment in Nicaragua where we give instructions for the assassins hired, the hiring of criminals, and the rest - all this has strengthened our opponents. 
Who do you trust -- a man who introduced a bill that would raise him 40 -- $6,400 a year; knowing and passing, and Romney saying he would sign it, or me and the president? 
That's how it works in banks. 
He agrees with the President. 
It's their country. 
And I think we know what they are: a strong good future, a future in which there are opportunities for all our citizens. 
We have to do more than that. 
My turn. 
We have taken money from the procurement budget to support other projects. 
But what she doesn't say is that tens of thousands of people who are incredibly happy and love me. 
SMITH: And now the opening statement by Vice-President Richard M. Nixon. 
In San José, California, they complain because they cannot export their high-tech qualities - goods - to Japan and other countries. 
Excuse me, Carole. 
It's growing, it says $800 billion; we say $600 billion. 
And this amendment has made the United States Senate aware with a majority of its own party voting in its favour, as well as with the majority of the Republicans - note them - against the very position that the senator now takes to renounce, indicating in advance, that the United States will not defend the offshore islands. 
You see him right now in the economy. 
The world is much safer today because Saddam Hussein is in prison, his government is no longer in power. 
They're families who are hurt. 
And here's the thing. 
In many places, our police are more armed. 
I'm still proud of him. 
Senator Kennedy, a moment ago, you mentioned tax gaps. 
Believe me, people with AIDS are more than willing to take this risk. 
What he cites is not the Senate Budget Committee, it is a partisan Republican press release on the Senate Budget Committee that is not worth it for the government -- the paper paid by the taxpayers on which it is printed. 
And when you move on to a system of vouchers, you put seniors at the mercy of these insurance companies. 
We succeeded in both cases. 
Donald has constantly insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we have to cooperate with Muslim nations and American Muslims there. 
There were eleven dictators when we came to power in 1953 in Latin America. 
Would they be forcibly evicted? 
He never answered my accusations that Bill Clinton was having trouble telling the truth. 
And the -- the central question at this point is: who will be credible for all the parties involved? 
We are making progress. 
He said, "Joe, understand one thing. 
I think the American people want a Republican president to check the excesses that come out of the next Congress, if it is a democratic Congress. 
But we need much more than wind and r.d. you look at our miners. 
Remember now that social security revenues exceed spending until 2015. 
I like our values. 
It is time to do so because we have so many debts that time is no longer our friend. 
BIDEN: Well, take a look at the Wall Street firm's analysis, points out that my economic plan would create 7 million more jobs than his in four years, number one. 
So if you have $5,000 and it's gonna cost you $12,000, it's a loss to you. 
Mr. Speaker, to follow for a moment, uh - Congress has passed a tax bill that is before you now, which has not met exactly the kind of scheme you have asked for. 
The goal is for you to get along and the American people to hear every word of what you have to say. 
But it is also essential that it does not allow a dollar spent that could be better spent by people themselves. 
I carried a ticket to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers for six years. 
What did he do to deserve it? 
There's nothing wrong with his theory. 
One of them is to speed up the marketing of generic medicines more quickly. 
And it includes a number of provisions that, in my opinion, have unintended consequences that harm the economy. 
Finally, each candidate has up to three minutes for a final statement. 
Sometimes we cannot let other countries veto our foreign policy. 
We have a divided nation. 
And to make sure that we end up getting rid of basic structural prejudices, it's education. 
It is clear that there are certain things that need to be done and that there are 50 or 60 different options, and a bipartite commission to remove it from the policy, will make recommendations and build support for the public. 
In fact, in my draft ten-year budget, I reserved more than twice as much for this purpose as Governor Bush did in his proposal. 
I would have put them in place earlier. 
And thank God the frozen people were not heard. 
TRUMP: I want to make America awesome again. 
That is why I believe that there will be millions of democrats voting with us this time, because they also want this promise to be respected. 
So it's a state demonstration. 
And hold the line. 
Four of them here tonight. 
That's how the president surpassed the United States. 
We love you, and we're grateful for everything you've given us. 
Each candidate now has up to three minutes for a final statement. 
There are many good ones, but I was glad he recognized it. 
Mr. Howe, Mr. Vice President. 
And if we are strong in each of these things, American influence will grow. 
We also need a hemispheric energy policy where Canada, Mexico and the United States meet. 
Be strict and firm about it. 
You're going to have plans that are so good, because we're going to have so much competition in the insurance sector. 
If they were not ready to conclude an agreement, then we could have put sanctions together. 
I don't see any changes in corporate tax rates or the kind of proposals you're referring to that would cause repatriation, bringing back money that's blocked abroad. 
Your group also urged OSHA to weaken the regulations requiring workers to be informed of hazardous chemicals in the workplace. 
So they don't have to pay any extra money, no extra $6,000. 
But it was also military. 
As far as drugs are concerned, I have repeatedly said that drugs are bad and illegal and that they can kill you. 
I brought back 700,000 jobs. 
Talk about public ethics. 
Now, I think it is a fundamental right issue that if we raise the minimum wage, 15 million Americans would be positively affected. 
That said, Fred, it's yours. 
We need to reform well-being. 
We lost 1.4 million jobs in manufacturing under George Bush and Dan Quayle. 
He has had a lot of problems and he sometimes makes windmills in Germany and China. 
7.7 million elderly people living in the lowest 20% of their income -- 
And it's time for them to take it seriously. 
But the fact is that we absolutely must not defend the kind of things that have happened. 
Vice-President Monad indicated that he would first do what he would do as soon as he did. takes office, is in contact with its Soviet counterpart and has set up an annual summit. 
This is typical of its long-standing inclination to the use of American power, not to resolve disputes diplomatically and peacefully, but to show that the exercise of military power is best demonstrated by its actual use. 
And at this point, it is absolutely crucial for the next president to specify that we must follow our six-party -- or the six-point ceasefire. 
I also want to answer the question about professional misconduct. 
But I would ask the American people to understand that if we make unwise cuts, if we go too far, we risk peace. 
I want to continue this expansion. 
The only attacks I have made are against people who, apparently, would move away from this wall on the government side, using the government, using the power of the courts and so on to obstruct this part of the Constitution which says that the government must not only establish a religion, it must not hinder the practice of religion. 
But when there is, uh - a very narrow decision - which often comes to the Supreme Court - I think the choice should be with human rights. 
We send fewer people to all these hotspots to do the same job they were supposed to do a month ago. 
We must have a different energy plan. 
You okay? 
We've seen him note the women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten. 
It's not an ordinary moment, and it's not an ordinary election. 
The other thing is that we need the business community and government heavily involved in these communities to try to achieve economic growth. 
We must repair our energy policy, which gives us our wealth. 
They're still fighting us. 
Let's talk about energy and climate control. 
He voted against -- he voted to include 3.6 million children in the coverage of the existing health care system when he voted in the United States Senate. 
In this case, we will move on to internal affairs. 
We'll allow it. 
I didn't think I'd hear that tonight. 
Let me also say that I have also been a strong supporter of public school education and that is something that Fritz and I feel very, very strongly for the future of this country. 
He said there were all these intellectuals complaining and complaining and saying it was a negative cover. 
Secondly, it would pose a challenge, and the challenge would be in the nature of temporary, mutual, verifiable moratoria, to stop testing in the air, in the atmosphere, which would meet with a challenge from the Soviet Union, we hope, to sit down and negotiate a treaty. 
I have to say, I'd like another person to be there to watch and it's my father, who died 15 years ago. 
In fact, I visited Poland, Yugoslavia and Romania to ensure that the people of those countries understood that the President of the United States and the people of the United States were committed to their independence, autonomy and freedom. 
But he wants to raise taxes. 
I'm not a politician, but I think I could go to Washington in a week and get everyone to hold hands and get this bill signed because I'm talking to the democratic leaders and they want it. 
Is the Oregon plan, applied to Medicaid's rationing, not the right way to go, even though the federal government ruled last August that it was violating the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990? 
Let's stop there and go to another question. 
DOLE: Well, the president can define himself anyway he wants, but I think we need to look at the file. 
I want to do this in industries, not just Detroit, but across the country, and that means we're changing our tax code, so we're giving incentives to companies that are investing here in the United States and creating jobs here. 
And that's not the facts. 
3 words he fears the most in English. 
When Joe Biden was vice president of the United States, the FBI actually spied on President Trump and my campaign. 
It was wrong, and my plan for the future is better. 
Because when interest rates increase, so does the cost of mortgage payments, car payments, student loans, credit card transactions. 
And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, and all the people watching. 
I know him better now. 
Ladies and gentlemen, he gave you a speech and told you that he would plan carefully, take every precaution, take our allies with us. 
There's a separation over there. 
Thirdly, I think the question facing the American people is: when it looks at this country and looks at the world around it, the objectives are the same for all Americans. 
We took the report of the Senate, of course. 
We don't have to do this. 
And one of the things I think we need to do is make sure that university is affordable for every young person in America. 
And thank God he did, because the parents of these young people around here will go to bed at night without the same fear of nuclear war. 
BUSH: Well, I think during the campaign, especially now during this difficult time, we should talk with one voice, and I appreciate the way the administration worked hard to calm tensions. 
And they should have done something about Yemen and all those other n.d. When we asked Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? 
So I don't think they should look at us any other than what we are. 
So we don't make them famous. 
Thank you, Secretary. 
The last thing I think we should do is something I've tried to do since I was president, it's every time I do something in a public way, I'm trying to have a real American citizen who's directly affected by it so that people can see the connection of what's going on across the country, in Washington with more policemen on the street, in San Diego, clean up wastewater here in San Diego, double the border guards here in Southern California, there's a link between what we're doing there and what we're doing here. 
OBAMA: We don't want to give up the need to do it, but there may be individual components that we can't do. 
If I'm president, I'll double them, and also get the... offshore oil and Alaska. 
I would try to reverse this trade deficit and it would also help us and help us a lot. 
You guarantee that they have a chance to prove that they are competent. 
We will not be happy until all the Americans who want to work find a job. 
First, Mr. 
But that is an important question. 
And Governor Dukakis. 
And I think the environmental benefits of good land management should be a new way for farmers to get income that will allow them -- to make wise crop rotation choices, and when you leave the fallow land and the rest. 
But these guys won't help them. 
There is -- there is no incentive for a hypochondriac to go to health insurance every day. 
There is a model here of calling for car workers and then trying to appeal to the crowds of owls spotted or extremes in the environmental movement. 
It was a good, lively exchange. 
Raising a little more money, spending money on tax incentives to grow in the private sector, taking money from defence cuts and reinvesting it in new transport and communication systems and environmental cleaning. 
You mentioned President Dwight David Eisenhower. 
And this... I love the idea of four trillion dollars in cuts. 
The right to vote is fundamental. 
But she's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes. 
And we have fundamental disagreements about the use of military power and how you do it, and you have just seen it in response to the previous questions. 
Well, we finally passed the Kassebaum bill. 
That is how we have achieved a treaty that reduces nuclear weapons. 
You are proposing over $4 trillion over a decade in new taxes on individuals who earn more than $400,000 a year. 
Does the federal government have a responsibility to improve the quality of public education in America? 
They're plotting to kill the Americans right now. 
RIDINGS: Good evening from the municipal auditorium of Kansas City. 
Thank you. 
He's a dear and beloved friend for all of us. 
There is also an emergency buzzer system, if necessary. 
He was filling out our ethics forms. 
Words are important when you come to the presidency. 
I have family for Medicare. 
I think it was. 
I was governor of Georgia for four years. 
You're wrong. 
And before the answer, the questioner can ask a follow-up question to clarify the candidate's answer, if necessary, with up to two minutes to answer. 
And it's true about that and it's true about CAFE. 
Let us move forward with the discussion of this issue. 
And today, on average, the average military is at least 15% - and I think that is a very modest estimate - 15% lower than what happened to the cost of living during this period. 
I admire the fact that he served in the Senate for 20 years. 
The estimate from the outside, if you have eliminated all tax shelters, is $5 billion. 
The first question was put to President Bush for two minutes, and John was going to ask that question. 
I want to see our nation - back to a posture, image and standard to make us proud once again. 
That is a good and important question. 
Number 2, we would offer two-year apprenticeship programs to high school graduates who do not go to university. 
Dukakis and I did not agree on the contra programme; no question about it. 
Both at home and abroad, he proposed false and reckless policies. 
If you already have health care, and probably most of you do, then you can keep your plan if you are satisfied with it. 
WALLACE: It's -- this is the last time, probably for your greatest pleasure, you're going to be on a stage together in this campaign. 
And frankly, now we're going to do it right. 
It is the people, the Democrats and the Republicans who have shaped my ideas and who will surround me in the White House. 
We must remain vigilant, as I have just said. 
In your energy plan, you group a number of agencies into one, or you would, but does it really change the whole? 
It's time for all of you. 
Al-Qaida is resurrected. 
Arthur Andersen made a statement of assets and liabilities that, I believe, went further than any other. 
In my opinion, we want to find jobs, opportunities and education. 
That's something to think about in tonight's debate. 
They don't need it, Martha. 
Well, I told you what I would do for trade and try to help reverse this situation. 
Kind of like musical chairs when we were young boys and girls. 
And let me remind you of the question, I would like you to speak directly to these families. 
If I'm dealing with politics here, the polls show that the Americans want it. 
She must -- as a last resort. 
We have to fight them abroad so we don't have to fight them here at home. 
This is Frank McGee, NBC News in Washington. 
We need an answer to this problem, but it must be an American response that is consistent with justice and due process. 
After the Dallas police shooting, police chief David Brown said, quote, "We are asking the cops to do too much in this country. 
And, therefore, America now bears this extraordinary burden where we are not as sure as we should be. 
Duration limits. 
We have time for another... RADDATZ: We have... COOPER: Another hearing question. 
And over time, that, I think, will be a better recipe for economic growth than President Bush's policies that John McCain wants to follow. 
I don't think he would have fallen if we hadn't used force. 
They're tolerant people. 
Premiums are down, everything is down. 
It's a big mistake to do that. 
A portrait of Donald Trump for $20,000? 
That is why he wants to veto it, just as he vetoed a previous bill this year. 
(CROSSTALK) RYAN: ... programmes pour ceux d'entre nous. 
You mean, I have to answer his stuff? 
You're going to socialist medicine... 
BRUNO: Does anyone have an opinion on the appointment of judges in this regard? 
I don't challenge John Kerry's patriotism. 
And will you commit yourself; here tonight, will you become the commander-in-chief, to propose a project, however unpopular it may be, if it becomes clear that voluntary means do not solve our labour problems? 
Given that the United States remains vulnerable to such external shocks, can inflation actually be controlled? 
She asked a question, I think, whether the health profession should be blamed. 
Why is your judgment better than... TRUMP: And when he excuses me. 
I worked with John McCain on cultural values. 
Let me repeat. 
Would you comment more on this and also address this question; could we not interpret a withdrawal from these islands as appeasement? 
The tax code that puts him in a position he pays less than on the money a school teacher makes is because of him... he says he's smart because he can take advantage of the tax code. 
Do you know that we don't have a single program sponsored by our government in Cuba - to tell them our story, to tell them that we are their friends, that we want them to be free again? 
And it seems to me with the stimulus of more money in the hands of taxpayers, and with more money in the hands of companies to develop, to modernise, to provide more jobs, our economy stimulated so that we will have more income and we will have a more prosperous economy. 
One thing is that in the 1980s, we passed 100%, the 100 senators voted in favour, a drug bill and how to deal with drugs. 
If we're going to give our children a world-class education. 
Governor Romney, dishonest and reckless politics? 
When we sell in Mexico, there's a tax. 
TRUMP: If you did this in the private sector, you would be put in jail, let alone after receiving a summons from the United States Congress. 
And he called that woman Miss Piggy. 
Let's talk about the housing that was the issue. 
The ceasefires have failed. 
RYAN: We agree -- we agree with the schedule and transition, but what we -- what any administration will do in 2013 is assess the situation to see how best to complete this schedule. 
WALLACE: Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: ...we have made school environments healthier for children, including healthier lunches... WALLACE: Secretary Clinton, respectfully, it's -- it's an open discussion. 
And a feature that allows parents to automatically check with one click which sites your children have visited lately. 
But I would certainly not impose any litmus test. 
We won a majority, we didn't win the two-thirds that were needed or to pass this resolution, George. 
I thought it was just an open session, that five-minute thing, and I had nothing to add to his. 
And the only criterion I ever put forward in my own mind was that among the millions of people in this country would be the best person qualified to be president, if something had to happen to me and join me to be vice president if I had to serve my mandate. 
So there are a lot of good things in this bill that we should have done instead of trying this massive and massive takeover by the federal government. 
But with these projections, we will have a balanced budget by the 1981 financial year, if I am elected President. 
We must hand over the responsibilities to Cabinet members. 
(Laughter) DUKAKIS: Well, John, I'm a man who was a general manager for ten years. 
Although most subsidies seem to go - go to the largest and richest farmers who probably need them the least, while it is small farmers who are often forced to sell, sometimes to their big farmer neighbour who has obtained more subsidies to begin with. 
I don't think we can afford technological elegance like that. 
$665 billion over ten years for the richest 1%. 
OMAMA: Senator McCain mentioned Henry Kissinger, who is one of his advisers, who, along with five recent secretaries of state, has just said that we should meet Iran -- guess what -- without preconditions. 
He's gonna kill him. 
And, obviously, the social protection system is a disgrace to our Judeo-Christian principles. 
But I benefit from the laws of the nation because I run a business. 
Maybe we can fix it. 
Take care of our economy, just put it on autopilot. 
We got 70% of the vote in Wyoming, although these three votes were quite important the last time. 
And it's always about work. 
Yeah, we shouldn't trade weapons for hostages. 
And we have made it clear that working with our allies and others, we are prepared to deal with any foreseeable futures that could interrupt trade with this crucial region of the world. 
Please join me in this cause to move forward with confidence and with a sense of confidence and command to build the blessed future of our nation. 
We have these ships going underwater, nuclear submarines. 
But we must continue to develop these resources or we will find ourselves increasingly dependent on foreign sources. 
What we have to do, and that is the main problem, is to make it very, very difficult for a person who uses a weapon in the commission of a crime to stay out of prison. 
The president also took Medicare, which belongs to you. 
And -- and this kind of summit -- the economy from top to bottom, where people at the top are doing well, so the average person who earns $3 million gets $250,000 in tax relief, while middle-class families are getting bigger, that's not what I think is a recipe for economic growth. 
No, I'm not, and I'm not going to call the names on his facts. 
The fact is that this nation, in the eight years before my assumption of the presidency, has seen its own military force diminish. 
He tried to eliminate Pell grants, which are money for young people who are poor and cannot afford to go to university. 
All emails, emails are horrible. 
A great historian, Henry Steele Tributer, said that in their desire for victory, no traditional party looks beyond November. 
Medicare is a good example. 
Why don't we eliminate tax relief for business jets? 
We've heard that before. 
I'll do it again. 
I would remove the tariff on ethanol based on sugar cane imported from Brazil. 
And if you made such a statement, is that not deterring Iran? 
And we'll take you home as soon as the mission is done, because it's a vital mission. » 
That's not true. 
They will switch to renewable energy, number one, number two, we will make sure that we are able to take the federal fleet and turn it into a fleet that works, which are electric vehicles. 
Don't -- don't go, and we'll have time to answer. 
We don't want to change the legislation that would lower the tax rate in D.C., allow welfare mothers to take a tax-free job on the first 90 percent of their income and no capital gains tax that should be made in every urban area of America that would bring back capital, and you can't have capitalism, Al, without capital. 
But this is... RADDATZ: Vice-President Biden... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Look... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: .. let me translate. 
These problems are not easy. 
They're both extremely dangerous. 
You were going to put him in a higher tax bracket that would increase his taxes, which would make him not be able to employ people, which Joe was trying to achieve the American dream. 
It's in a part of the world where they won't see what they could do with this war. 
What should we not apologize for... RADDATZ: Burning Korans, immediately? 
And these are the stakes. 
Now, the reason they don't have, the reason why the President can't support this is pretty obvious. 
KRAFT: A quick follow-up question. 
Mr. GEYER: Mr. President, you also said that our borders were out of control. 
Instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, establishing the plans we have that we think we can make a better life and a better country, which is his e. n I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend, Michelle Obama, has advised us all: When they go down, you go high. 
I'll give you an opportunity to do it. 
And finally, the President of the United States led with a firm hand and a clear vision. 
And I want to honor him among his other achievements here. 
Neither am I for command and control techniques. 
Jeff from Ohio asks on Facebook, "Trump says the campaign has changed it. 
Mrs Ferraro knows that, and how many troops they have. 
Mitt Romney -- her experience, her ideas, her solutions -- is particularly qualified to do this work. 
Like the Vice-President, I call on President Arafat to ensure that his people withdraw to make peace. 
Hon.Shadel: Senator Kennedy, would you like to comment? 
So we have a lot of work to do in Afghanistan. 
Control of these weapons is the only major responsibility of a President, and rejecting this commitment of all Presidents, because of a few small technicalities that can be corrected, is a very dangerous approach. 
I do not agree with another debate. 
And I said that. 
If military force was needed in this enterprise, why not use the army to go after the South American drug cartels and after General Noriega, moreover, in a surgical strike, since drugs in the minds of most Americans represent a much greater danger to many other people? 
Very briefly. 
We tried this with Hitler. 
This economy is not growing fast enough and it will be under Bob Dole and Jack Kemp. 
We have to do this job. 
Thank you, Governor Carter. 
Hon.Quayle: Senator Bentsen is talking about debt relief. Well, the governor of Massachusetts has run more debts than all the governors of the history of the combined Massachusetts, going back to the time of the pilgrims. 
I am therefore very determined to take classified information seriously. 
This is precisely what Vladimir Putin also understands. 
It's one of the worst choices every woman and family has to make. 
We must be — we must know what we are doing. 
They added only a little back this year because it's an election year. 
Then he said, "I'm a card-carrying member of the ACLU." 
This means more jobs, more wealth, more income and more capital, especially for the poor in our country and those left behind. 
You also have investments in Chinese companies. 
That sense is something I want to restore. 
What I would also do, if that were to happen, is to continue the good work that he is so determined to put the government back on the side of the people and get rid of greed and corruption on Wall Street and Washington. 
I voted for Judge Breyer and Judge Ginsburg. 
Do you have any other thoughts on this, based on what you said a while ago about genocide? 
The others abstained or voted against us. 
We have to stop spending. 
And it is a threat not only in this region, but everywhere in the world. 
Now, accountability, we fundamentally agree on accountability. 
The president decided to divert General Tommy Franks' forces from Afghanistan before Congress even approved him to start preparing for the war in Iraq. 
That's right. 
About Medicare Yeah, Maryland now. 
If we do not, bureaucratic disorder will continue. 
And I think it will work because, like Ross said, we have the plans. 
TRUMP: Why didn't you do it before, when you were vice president with Obama? 
Will it be a factor in the appointment of federal judges, particularly to the Supreme Court? 
You have to say what you are for and you have to -- SIMPSON: Mr. Speaker, I get clues of time and with all due respect -- BUSH: Excuse me. 
Our partner is a Oregon Democrat. 
Donald Trump recently said we need to make more stops and risks across the country. 
But Russia must make the decision. 
He says Arkansas is a bad condition. That's right. 
I'll take care of them the first day. 
Have you ever seen America more divided? 
Give this man more time. 
And I want to follow up on it, because you said several things in this debate that were not true, sir. 
I did that. 
It's -- and they're going to talk -- you think these guys are going to go over there and cut those flaws? 
These countries cannot develop if young women do not receive the kind of education they need. 
And let's not increase nobody's taxes. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: In my opinion, the government is not effective in reducing the cost of almost anything. 
You say you're going to pay it by closing the loopholes and deductions, without naming what these loopholes and deductions are. 
As I said, almost 30% of them go to Americans who earn more than $1 million a year. 
Look, here's the deal. 
You just want to add an additional tax reduction on loopholes. 
KENNEDY: Yes, I said in both debates and I repeat that I believe in a balanced budget and that I have supported this concept during my fourteen years in Congress. 
And there are two key elements to that. 
I'm sure that another thing you haven't told them about, senator, is legal reform, because your position on legal reform is the status quo. 
Because I saw him also trying to sabotage the INF treaty when he was on the floor of the United States Senate with what he was doing there. 
I should have had it. 
It was a conversation in the locker room. 
Mr. CROWLEY: Mr. President, let me see if I can bring you to the essence of this question, who are we looking at the normal news? 
We will put in place the kind of principles that I have put in place in my own State and allow each State to develop its own programmes to obtain insured persons, and we will focus on reducing the cost of health care. 
Our general commander said so. 
I'm in the U.S. Navy, sir. 
And, Tom, if -- if we're going to go and come, I -- I'd like to have the same time to go -- to answer... BROKAW: Yes, you get the... MCCAIN: ... to -- to -- to -- BROKAW: ... last word here, and then we have to move on. 
Under what circumstances do you advocate the use of military force, American combat forces, in Central America? 
We have in the Dole-Kemp economic plan, unless your house is worth more than $500,000. 
They're people who kill women and treat them horribly. 
What I did was set priorities and fund them. 
But I fully agree with that. 
So the question I have is, are you concerned that the Supreme Court with a Barrett judge will resolve any dispute? 
I think there are situations like Bosnia or Kosovo where there is genocide, where our national security is at stake. 
And look what this administration... RADDATZ: What the... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Let me tell you what the ayatollah sees. 
Therefore, I think the question before the American people is: do we do everything we can? 
He must take care of the President of Russia, he must take care of the Chancellor of Germany, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the President of France, the Prime Minister of Japan, he must take care of a crowd of leaders from all over the world. 
Senator Kennedy suggested that he believe he knows the way. 
Are they addictive? 
We're rolling around, so if we can keep track of the hour. 
Now, whether or not you're in a place like Chicago, you stop and risk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, very well worked in New York. 
Cocaine is up 141 percent -- marijuana, cocaine up 166 percent. 
I have the honour to moderate this debate, an important part of our democracy. 
These things would revolutionize American education and lead us to the economic summit. 
Mr Kemp, is it really possible to balance the budget without radically reforming benefit programmes, including social security and health insurance? 
Wait a minute. 
We see Iraq united as Iraqis, hard, hard, but we see them. 
Mr. CARTER: I think that, in order to conclude this discussion, it would be better to put into perspective what we are talking about. 
And that is why, working with Israel, we have created the strongest military and intelligence cooperation between our two countries in history. 
General Shinseki had the wisdom to say, "You're going to need several hundred thousand troops to win peace." 
The other day, I saw Donald say that there were Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off Iran, and they laughed at American sailors who were on a nearby ship. 
As I said before we were financially responsible for this. 
Mr. and Mrs. America, when you hear him say that we're going to tax only the rich, look at your wallet because its numbers don't add up and he's going to put everything right on the middle-class and lower-class taxpayer, if he's going to pay for all the spending programs he's proposing. 
If I win, it'll be accepted. 
What I would do is make sure everyone is encouraged to wear a mask all the time. 
If I could answer, Jim. 
We're gonna fight for the middle class, the American family like mine. 
But is the American people? 
And they want some peace of mind. 
We want -- look, one of my best friends in Janesville, Reservist, is at a base of advanced operations in eastern Afghanistan right now. 
That is why I was one of the first co-sponsors of the Non-Discrimination in Employment Act, which aims to prevent American homosexuals and lesbians who are otherwise qualified as victims of discrimination in the workplace. 
What are our values? 
How do you force insurance companies to do so if you no longer require every American to get insurance? 
I hate to run for president and think that the only way to win would be to convince everyone how horrible things are. 
Earlier this month, you said she didn't have, quoting, "a presidential look." 
How long will it take, Dan, for the economy to work in your theory? 
You know what that is? 
But where we don't, it's with the confirmed drug addicts. 
Mr. Bush spoke of values. 
We moved from the deficit to the surplus. 
We have just made a vast package of sanctions against North Korea. 
First of all, my faith plays a lot -- a big role in my life. 
Thank you so much for being with us tonight. 
It happened before you took office. 
And that is why the failure of this administration to deal effectively and in good faith with Mexico, with Costa Rica, with other nations in trying to find a peaceful solution to the dispute in Central America has undermined our ability to deal effectively diplomatically in this area as well. 
(LAUGHTER) I am a person who keeps promises. 
America's economic engine is the middle class. 
African-American incomes increased by 33 t. d. it's not only because I worked with George W. Bush after September 11, and I was very proud that when I told him what the city needed, what we needed to get back, he said you had it, and he never wavered. 
And my plan has a better chance of getting up and fighting for these troops. 
All the people upstairs said that the attention of the American people is not more than 5 minutes, they won't look at it. 
We emphasize the acceptance of responsibility by everyone, and we want to strengthen our communities and their capacity to support families and individuals in our common effort to create a promising future. 
Number 2, if you don't rebuild this country's economic strength at home, we won't be a superpower. 
I met them, people like Mary Annie and Edward Davis of Nashua, New Hampshire, all over this country. 
In a Dukakis administration, you say that taxes will only be increased as a last resort. 
And then make sure they have the weapons they need to defend themselves. 
And the reason why it has to grow even more is because we have things to do at home and also because we are in a race for survival - a race in which it is not enough to be before; it is not enough simply to be complacent. 
We have an infrastructure fund of $20 billion to create a national network of high-speed trains, for example, and so-called information highways, to open up a whole world of knowledge for our young people and to help our universities and businesses that are counting on further progress in the information revolution. 
I know what it means to see people who are unemployed. 
We will continue and give the middle class the opportunity to deduct up to $10,000 per year for tuition fees. 
We are making significant progress. 
It will create a huge number of new jobs. 
The question was about qualifications. 
We can develop this economy. 
Félicitations. 
I do not think the answer is to further slow down the economy, increase unemployment and undermine the health of the private sector. 
In her first year, I was getting... licked after being beaten by John McCain, okay. 
It's not a good judgment. 
But over the past twenty-four months, we have turned the economy and reduced inflation to less than six percent, and we have reduced the number of jobs by about four million in the last seventeen months until we have eighty-eight million people working in America today - the most in the country's history. 
It's Oscar. 
Do you really think that 8 million Americans who are unemployed and 50% unemployment among young people in our country are acceptable? 
Will there be others in Guinea and Ghana, who have now voted with the communists frequently as new independent African countries? 
And Iran is now more dangerous, just like North Korea, with nuclear weapons. 
I will find the best people in the world -- in the United States of America who have a history of strict adherence to the Constitution. 
And that should never have happened. 
We are America, and we believe in our future and we know that we have the capacity to shape our future. 
They are Susan Rook of CNN, Gene Gibbons of Reuters and Helen Thomas of United Press Intl. 
Over the past two months, I have travelled all over the country to talk to the people about the future. 
We are modernizing our borders. 
Cater's question is for Vice President Nixon. 
Okay, I have to give him a chance to answer. 
We did not keep the foreigner's office, where you could have found information on weapons of mass destruction. 
CMCain: Well, if you want to turn on the TV, while I saw the Arizona cardinals beat Dallas cowboys on Sunday. 
No, it's not settled. 
There -- with new technologies, with tiny prints even on earth, it's safe to drill and we need to do more of that. 
But let me answer what you said. 
It's the story of dictators. 
Now, briefly, let me tell you how my prescription drug plan works. 
Maybe it's an oil fire, an exhaust jet, the computer could decide it's a missile -- and we're leaving. 
Most people, when they think about reducing government spending, think about eliminating the necessary programs or eliminating something, some of the services that the government is supposed to offer. 
I also want to make sure the economy continues. 
Is al-Qa'idah on his heels? That's not true. 
Now, it could be solved if Donald Trump were ready to publish his tax returns, as he told the American public he would. 
When we kicked -- with France, we took Hezbollah out of Lebanon, I said, and Barack said, "Move NATO forces in there. Fill the vacuum, because if you don't know -- if you don't know, Hezbollah will control it. » 
He had bilateral talks with the North Koreans. 
Yes, for 30 years. 
I think support prices are linked to the average market price of the last three years, which was Mr Benson's theory. 
You can also deduct long-term care now, so it's a good start. 
This is my religious point of view; I will accept the teaching of the church, but I cannot impose my religious point of view on anyone else. 
What happens when we impose unilateral sanctions is, unless there is a collective effort, then other people settle in and take advantage of the situation and you have no impact, except to penalize American companies. 
We do exactly as we must to identify those forces that, in fact, will ensure a stable government and will not provoke a Sunni-Shiite regional war when Bassad (sic) - when Bashar Assad falls. 
BIDEN: I support. 
You cannot do it as president: you cannot have a schema on one side of the question one day and the other on the other. 
The democratic platform is committed to filling gaps in tax laws and refers to inequitable exhaustion allowance as obvious gaps. 
We have seen the strongest economy in the history of the United States. 
Mr. WALLACE: And I would like to ask you this direct question. 
All right. 
It took them a long time to say that it was a terrorist act committed by a terrorist group. 
We've had Republican presidents before who tried to run against a Democratic Congress. 
So -- and you launched your political campaign in Mr. Ayers' living room. 
CLINTON: It's not the right temperament to be commander-in-chief, to be bullied. 
It is ironic that there is now -- there is now a lower percentage of voters made up of parents with children than ever in American history because of the aging of our population, but at the same time we have the largest generation of students in public schools ever. 
I admit I'm not from Washington. 
I don't think we need a good judge of that kind of definition on either side. 
I see no evidence that this is a deterrent, and I think there are better and more effective ways to deal with violent crimes. 
I just want to go back to the property of this house. 
I've done it my whole life. 
Our friends and allies said, Gwen, "Sit down. 
I mean, right now... believe me. 
The last time the vice president used that phrase, I think he remembers it, right? 
This is unacceptable to me. 
Look at the facts. 
You know, we must be 100 percent right. 
So my question is, what is your plan if the law is found unconstitutional by the Supreme Court? 
Mr. WELKER: I would like to ask you both questions about your possible foreign entanglements and questions that have been raised to give you an opportunity to discuss them more broadly. 
I think we have observed ourselves and done our best to see that human rights are being extended around the world. 
You know, Congress has passed a law called DOMA, the law on the defense of marriage. 
Everybody should be in this thing. 
A spirit of cooperation. 
Vice President, your comment? 
Some time ago, Mr. 
Ambassador Glaspie spoke a lot after July 25 and it's a fact and it's in every newspaper. 
Mr. Ayers, I don't care about an old, washed terrorist. 
He also showed a weakness to yield to pressure. 
So we must become very, very hard on cyber-war and cyber-war. 
I haven't taken a cent from any country, ever, number one. 
But this administration was on the information that if you had as a parent, if you had as a worker knowing that you didn't have enough money saved, and now you're standing in a food line because of the incompetence of an administration that didn't want to tell the truth to the American people. 
But what we haven't seen yet is a rescue plan for the middle class. 
They're with the insurance companies. 
THE PRESIDENT: Let me turn to the second question of this debate on the Middle East, and so on, and that is that you have both referred to it, and that is Syria. 
If you vote in any way, you will have an expansion of family leave. 
It threw her on her, the need to beat Mr. of her has a plan to do it. 
Any person eligible for Medicaid would automatically be included in the public option. 
I thought it was a good program. 
But I think there are flexible ways to solve some of the urgent problems, especially those affecting our children. 
We spend about $7 billion. 
It's not working. 
He said he had been arrested seven times by law enforcement in a year. 
Why would they say they're not staying here anymore? 
And... SCHIEFFER: So you're -- you're saying we've already made this statement. 
I'm here in front of you, old man. 
While he was the CEO of Halliburton, they paid millions of dollars in fines for providing false information about their business, as did Enron and Ken Lay. 
Mr MONDALE: I believe that the essential strategy of the United States should not accept Soviet control over Eastern Europe. 
It's time to change. 
It's about, someone said earlier, one of the first questions, we're together. 
They want to know why you worked against powerful controls on automobile emissions. 
But I always say what I mean. 
Terry, first of all, we pay tribute to your service, and we are grateful. 
President Obama has refused to do so because he fears that he will no longer draw us deeply into the conflict. 
Doing things in three months that my competitors took 18 months to do. 
WELKER: Would you like to respond quickly, Vice-President Biden? 
We must therefore stay above that and help them constructively to move towards democracy and capitalism. 
He's coming back now, so they can buy even more American products, and I think he'll come down more. 
- ...with Mexico. 
But the president made a mistake in invading Iraq. 
When he said, "We're going to abrogate Obamacare. 
We fired, what, 44 cruise missiles, worth about a million-two per piece, and hit a radar, which repaired in a couple, three days. 
And you know the only time it was invoked? After 11 September, when the 28 NATO nations said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism, which they still do through our respect for Iran, when I became Secretary of State, Iran was a few weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. 
And now you want to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
If the unemployment rate was 7.8% when he took office, it is 7.8% now. 
And as far as health care is concerned, you had remarkable details about my pre-existing state plan. 
It didn't work in Iran, it didn't work in North Korea. 
And although we are not able to join them all tonight, we should have a broad discussion one month before the elections. 
The great recession has crushed them. 
It could also be after that. 
I am concerned about ethnic cleansing. 
First of all, what does re-thinking law and order mean and do you support it? 
But we must also recognize that, you know, for us to be more militarily entangled in Syria is a serious step, and we must do so by making sure that we know who we are helping; that we do not put weapons in the hands of people who might eventually turn them against us or allies in the region. 
And it's the largest number ever recorded this year and they're going to beat the record next year and every year for ten years. 
We need to do this e. EPA is so restrictive that they put our energy companies out of business. 
Give us some details about what you're going to reduce. 
The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the following nine causes combined. 
But above all, that the people of our country realize that we still live in the largest nation in the world. 
You don't necessarily know that. 
Each man will make a three-minute statement at the end, Governor Carter to go first. 
60,000 criminals, fugitives and stalkers were denied handguns. 
One of my concerns, however, is that I do not want to federalize the local police forces. 
Thirty seconds. 
I think we should require states to test all students, test schools and school districts, and I think we should go further and require teacher testing for new teachers as well. 
I'd go after Baghdadi. 
This statistic was completely misleading. 
The programs will be good because the elected ones will listen -- I said the other night that I was all ears and I would listen to any good idea. 
Are you at all of the opinion that this should perhaps go to another level, except for what is advocated by William F. Buckley, Jr., and Milton Friedman, legalization, somewhere between there and where we are now? 
TRUMP: A lot of people, between drugs and alcohol and depression, when you start arresting him, you look at what's happening in some of your democratic states where they have these difficult closures. 
One of the most troubling facts facing the new administration is that the United States has now become the largest debtor nation in the world. 
And Joe Biden is the best leader to do that and frankly, this administration has lost their right to re-election, on the basis of that. 
They admit it's a problem. 
We need the private sector to be able to keep more of what we win and produce. 
As I said, we left the government completely out of control. 
The Byrd family may also have a misunderstanding in Texas. 
And I didn't make it a problem, and it shouldn't be. 
For example, we proposed approximately $12 million to add between four and five hundred additional staff for the National Parks Service. 
I know a lot of his donors. 
Mr. SIMPSON: Thank you very much. 
It's the first administration since the bomb exploded that didn't progress. 
So -- let's say -- one of the beautiful things in this country is the idea that states are the laboratories of democracy. 
And the reason why candidates have published their returns for decades is that voters will know if their potential president owes money to whom he owes and any business conflict. 
They cut the Pell grants and the Perkins loans to help the kids go to college. 
OBAMA: You know, I was having lunch with some -- a Minnesota veteran who had been a doctor dealing with the most extreme circumstances. 
And believe me, you're the one who took the troops. 
With the United States, as he said, not so h. o Ford leaves. 
I have a direct relationship with hundreds of people around me - hundreds of thousands across the country actively campaigning for me. 
And that is why I have proposed what I think is a fair and responsible proposal that helps protect those people who have not already benefited from relief or who have actually benefited from tax increases. 
We like a good debate. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Governor, we're going to the Supreme Court in a moment, but make sure I understand your position on RU-486. 
But is that really the question that should be asked? 
CLINTON: It's illegal right now and it's been years for illegal immigrants to get social benefits. 
Did anyone tell you my question? 
In addition, I believe that the next President, in January and February, should work to strengthen the strength of the United States. 
And yet, it's interesting, we have the most religious freedom in any country in the world, including the freedom not to believe. 
As far as the surplus is concerned, Bernie, we need to make some sort of forecast. 
I'll let you answer it, very quickly. 
Al Gore and I felt for a long time, first as parents and then only as officials, that we cannot let American parents stand alone in this competition they think they are with Hollywood to raise their own children and give their children the faith and values they want to give them. 
You have a deficit of $260 billion. 
And you have in turn voted against them many times. 
And I understand that we must never again talk about the Holocaust or Rwanda. 
Then I asked for a bipartite commission, which I had asked from the beginning, to sit down and find a solution. 
I do not consider abortion to be a religious problem. 
CHENEY: Your speech, senator, would be much more credible if there was a file to support. 
SMITH: Mr. Warren's next question to Senator Kennedy. 
Good evening at Lynn University campus here in Boca Raton, Florida. 
Law enforcement and race relations. 
And that's what we need -- I think it's the public service test. 
And it's kind of fun to hear someone who hasn't paid federal income tax in 20 years maybe talk about what they're going to do. 
Four years ago, we had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. 
According to Congressional committees, you need about $10 billion. 
Bad priorities. 
Thank you, Mr Ford. 
Sounds good. 
Now, 60 percent go to Arab countries, and that doesn't include Iran. 
But people know where I am. 
We enter the second round of our questioning, let's start again with Jim Wieghart. 
And I can assure you that if I'm elected president, we will. 
And our soldiers behaved very well there. 
I served my country in Vietnam. 
Millions of jobs were lost, the automobile industry was on the brink of collapse. 
But I also believe that the government has the capacity, that the federal government has the capacity to help open up opportunities and create scales of opportunity and create frameworks where the American people can succeed. 
It will change when I become president of the United States. 
But I would make the effort because I think that the fate not only of our own civilization, but I think that the fate of the world and the future of the human race are involved in the prevention of a nuclear war. 
But we don't have to choose between supporting law enforcement, improving public safety, and supporting our African-American neighbours and all our minorities. 
No one has been more fortunate than me, all along the spectrum, and the greatest riches of all are my wife and children. 
These other concerns are real. 
The Central American wars are very similar to those of China, Lebanon, Iran and Cuba. 
I think it's a triumph. 
America must have been safe. 
Mr. SIMPSON: Mr. President. 
In fact, this committee of Secretary Hills has released a seventy-five-page report with specific recommendations so that we can do a better job in the coming weeks. 
And I'll tell you, they were so bad. 
Hillary Clinton — and it's extremely complex — Hillary Clinton has friends who want all these provisions, including the provision of interest, which is very important to the people of Wall Street. 
This is not the number of people working in an administration. 
PENCE: Because at a time of great challenge in the life of this nation, where we weakened America's place in the world, stifled the American economy, the campaign of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine was an avalanche of s. k, to get to your question about reliability, Donald Trump built a business through difficult times and through the good times. 
That was part of our other economic plan. 
President- [crosstalk] 
People need to know that over the next ten years, it will be $25 trillion in revenue that will go into our treasure and we plan to spend $21 trillion. 
To me, Al Gore is that leader and will be that kind of president. 
And the reason they do it is because they do smart things. 
I'm going to put us on the path to a balanced budget. 
Wait, wait, is it fair to say that he ruined everything when, in fact... 
Weâ€TMve have abundant energy supplies here in America and weâ€TMd better get after it, we should start exploring it or otherwise we will have deep problems in the future due to our dependence on foreign sources of crude. 
Yours is set up in eight years. 
That's great. 
And home, they call it, very different, than home. 
I've been working on it for a long time when I was governor. 
He said we needed more troops. 
Now you say you're going to get — you're going to cancel that. 
It could be a single parent family. These mothers need help. 
But obviously, you can't balance the budget, Jim, without developing this economy. 
The answer is very simple. 
Companies can contribute, employees can contribute on a contractual basis. 
Hillary Clinton wants to put all the miners out of business. 
The United States has sometimes tried to convince Chiang Kai-shek to bring his troops back to Formosa. 
The American people see it, and I am proud of it; that is what I would say. 
So there are things we can do, and we should do it in a bipartite way. 
GORE: Well, as I said before, he used a much harder language when he talked about Bob Dole. 
At that time, no one thought I had a chance to win. 
But it doesn't cost anything about the federal treasury anymore. 
I believe that all seniors should be able to choose their own doctors and obtain prescription drugs from their own pharmacists, with health insurance paying half the bill. 
What I want to ask you -- we were talking about financial problems in this country. 
Let me talk. 
How do you propose to control these costs and how will you provide access to health care for every American? 
Can I clarify that? 
I have a lot of respect for Al Gore. 
I've traveled around the world. 
So deregulation was the promise. 
I am therefore saying that we believe that our policies of military force, economic force, diplomatic firmness will first maintain peace and keep it without capitulation. 
Let's not forget that every abortion stops a beating heart. 
We want to increase the active forces of 40,000 men, double the special forces to find terrorists where they are and provide the kind of support to families -- health care, housing -- that they deserve as long as their loved ones serve us and protect us. 
Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: And we've come too far for it to turn around now. 
They're talking about frivolous cases. 
He seems totally to deny the assertion that I heard President Carter make a few days ago that he was the first president who had put forward a real urban strategy to address the problems of urban America. 
He said, sir, we have trees that are much more, they ignite much more easily than California. 
What do you want to call them? 
TRUMP: ... if necessary. 
BUSH: No, he's not talking about herself, Mr. Vice-President, he's talking about the fact that there are some rules that we all agree, but obviously the rules mean nothing. 
We can, you, you can now emit more methane without any problem. 
We were the first to impose sanctions. 
We believe that we can do better work in the area of crime, but this requires a more severe conviction, some mandatory prison sentences for those who violate our criminal laws. 
Or is that just campaign rhetoric? 
George Floyd would be alive today if we did that. 
Regardez Alep. 
And all this piles up on the emotional tension that comes from refugees and racial confrontations. 
You can't engage in this risky behavior that puts Main Street at risk. 
MARGOLIS: Senator, as Vice-Chair, your most important contribution would be your advice to the Chair. 
"So I said very well. 
And I firmly believe that we should have candidates for the U.S. Supreme Court based on their qualifications rather than any litmus test. 
Now it is very important that our citizens also know that I don't think we should have the amnesty. 
So I want to ask the American people, how calm were you when you panicked about where you're going to get your next roll of toilet paper? 
We should expand our aircraft purchases, we should reduce our shipbuilding program, we should reduce research and development by 8 percent for the Army, the Navy, the Air Force and the Navy. 
My record back to 1965 in Congress, the first vote we had was whether or not you should put a little opinion on cigarettes. 
Right in the middle, sir. 
I have a tuition tax credit of $4,000 that goes to parents -- and children, if they earn for themselves -- to be able to pay for the university. 
Admiral Stockdale, you wanted to say something here? 
Mr. Norwood, where are you? 
And now, I think that the Americans are less interested in our painful feelings during the campaign than in addressing the issues that affect them so deeply. 
It's going to be announced in the weeks, and it's going to be delivered. 
Who has perseverance, character, integrity, maturity, to do the job? I hope I'm that person. 
Go to N.M. and you can see him. 
And if we lose our will, we lose. 
It is a matter of coherence. 
We're on another system. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, McCain Doctrine, if you will. 
He had ordered his representative to surrender to full Panamanian sovereignty over the Panama Canal area at the end of a certain period of time. 
And America now pays, already $120 billion, up to $200 billion before we're done and much more likely. 
Companies will settle here depending on whether we have the most skilled workforce. 
I'm talking about winning. 
Not $15 an hour, but the dominant salary, having a new infrastructure that actually, is green. 
They are very, very good people, and they protect the second amendment. 
CLINTON: So I want us to reach 100 percent, but the costs will drop and the quality will rise. 
Germany spends 8%. 
CLINTON: Let's just talk about CAFE standards -- these are energy efficiency standards. 
This is not Mr Oil, nor Mr Gas, nor Mr Coal. 
Middle-income people will get tax relief. 
But my Christian faith became real to me when I made a personal decision for Christ when I was in my first year at university. 
Don't forget to vote. 
After four years as Vice-President now, and with Iran being declared by your administration in the framework of the Axis of Evil, do you still think we should lift the sanctions against Iran? 
A sixth-year student says: "If I were president, I would think of Abraham Lincoln and George Washington and what they did to make our country excellent. 
We tried to build a small ship called the Littoral combat ship that was supposed to cost $140 million, which ended up costing $400 million, and we still haven't. 
So you can keep talking about a $5 trillion tax reduction, but that's not my plan. 
What Senator Obama does not seem to understand is that if, without preconditions, you sit on the other side of the table of someone who called Israel a "wetting corpse" and wants to destroy that country and erase it from the map, you legitimize those comments. 
Mr. Farley? 
You have very little time, 20 seconds. 
Martha, let me tell you what Russia... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: Well, let me ask you what's worse, the war in the Middle East, another war in the Middle East, or a nuclear Iran? 
I think the American people have only one requirement - uh - that the facts concerning Mayaguez be given to them accurately and completely. 
No encouragements, boos or other interruptions, except right now, as we welcome former Vice President Joe Biden and President Donald J. Trump on stage. 
Cleveland is a wonderful, distinguished city that has done a lot of great things, but it has the highest poverty rate in the country. 
CLINTON: First of all, Jim, allow me to thank you, Senator Dole, and to thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for listening this evening to the opportunity you gave us to appear. 
We send the quote, "low-pay jobs" abroad. 
In some respects, this is a continuation of a process which began ten years ago throughout Eastern Europe and which has only now arrived in Serbia. 
She collects money from the people she wants to control. 
I believe in opening doors. 
Over the past eight years, gas drilling on federal lands has increased by 60% and has been carried out in an environmentally friendly manner. 
It's time for America to get up. 
So what we need in this country is someone like Mike Dukakis, who gave ten balanced budgets in a row there, and who was able to do so, to meet that kind of commitment, to set these difficult priorities. 
Congressman Ferraro, your rebuttal? 
Thanks again to the people of St. Petersburg and thanks again to Jack Kemp. 
I thought it was in our strategic interest to keep Milosevic in control because of our relations within NATO, and that is why I took the position I took. 
In particular, look at George Tenet, the CIA Director's testimony before the External Relations Committee two years ago when he talked about a 10-year relationship. 
These are words, sound bites. 
Secretary Clinton, would you like to respond? 
Mr. KAINE: Elaine is a fundamental question, a fundamental question. 
Allons-y. 
I don't know the answer at the beginning of life. 
A lot of people, including me, said, look, he doesn't do what he should do. 
When we talk about reducing health care costs, let's start with insurance companies and people who do murder instead of making our people healthy. 
My opponent has just talked about how terrorism could be reduced to a nuisance, comparing it to prostitution, illegal gambling. 
We recognize that there are places of conflict in the world. 
We spend six hundred dollars per person in this country - every man, every woman and every child - on health care. 
We tell you where to go to school, we tell you what to buy with food stamps. 
We were not promoting democracy. 
And the first final statement is addressed to Senator Kerry. 
And today, we are 90 per cent of the victims and 90 per cent of the costs. 
Let's give Admiral Stockdale a chance to get in. 
And even their own deputy campaign manager admitted that it was not right. 
He's not worried about people there [crosstalk]. 
We will ensure that they do not end up with weapons of mass destruction. 
We need to engage in these areas with programs in order to make adequate use of resources in these areas. 
Estimates for the homeless range from a low rate of 250,000 by the government to about three million, including working families and their children. 
You say they're faked, that they're going to lead to fraud. 
Governor, the country's eyes tonight remain on hostages in Iran, but the question of how we react to terrorist acts goes beyond this current crisis. 
Probably never heard of him. 
He voted against a resolution calling for the release of Nelson Mandela in South Africa. 
I would like to create more millionaires than those created under Mr Bush and Mr Reagan, but I do not want to be four years old when we have no growth in the private sector, and that is what has happened in the last four years. 
By Easter, it'd be gone. 
His university presidents aren't really more holy than you. 
Last year there were twenty-nine and tomorrow, when the preliminary vote will take place, you will see a strengthening of this position or very close to it. 
Iran has power over North a.d. when they made this horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they are doing something about North Korea. 
And even some in my own party, including my current vice-president, have had the same criticism as you. 
We should deal with each of these countries separately. 
Just tell us. 
And they taught people to hate our country. 
We saw him in Germany, we saw him in Romania, we saw him in Czechoslovakia, while the people of Eastern Europe rose up and asked for freedom. 
The Women ' s Voting League is proud to present this presidential debate. 
Let me say, first of all, that I am proud of the work I have done on behalf of children and families against the big insurance companies, the big drug companies and the big HMOs. 
Our foreign policy is ambivalent, confused, it sends strong signals to the wrong people, and we have learned over the years that weakness is provocative, but the national economy does not do what it can do. 
But I don't think these labels make any sense and I hope that tonight, during the rest of this campaign, we can have good disagreements on the issues. 
We didn't do it faster than that because we didn't want to disrupt the economy. 
And the way you kill expansions is to raise taxes. 
Mr. WELKER: Vice-President Biden, you can answer and then I want to follow up on electoral security. 
The audience here in the room has promised to remain silent - no applause, applause, boos, whistles, among other noisy distracting things, so that we can all focus on what the candidates have to say. 
I expect these new energy sources to be built here in the United States. 
Did he apologize for saying that the African Americans lived in Hell? 
The problem with this, Elaine, is that this is exactly what we did 10 years ago and it put the economy in the deepest recession — the deepest recession since the analysts said that the Clinton plan would increase the economy by 10.5 million jobs. 
We are therefore going to as many areas as possible to ensure that we retain and reduce the costs of health care. 
And, in fact, a freeze on cross-cutting spending is an axe, and we need a scalpel, because there are programs that don't work at all. 
(Laughter and applause) But--but--See, let me say it very clearly. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Dole, 30 seconds. 
We spend this surplus to make the deficit smaller for you than it really is. 
And you can't keep both promises. 
We will also return with pride to the climate agreement. 
And I think racial profiling is part of a broader question of how we treat race in America. 
Now, to determine how we deal with this question, we must find the answer to a very important but simple question: who is threatening peace? Who threatens freedom in the world? 
I said right from the beginning that we should continue research on the strategic system at about the level that was added in 1983, about $1 billion a year. 
But the point is, I know how to handle these crises. 
And David Norwood is going to ask. 
The other thing is, part of AIDS, it's one of the few diseases where behavior counts. 
SIMPSON: Thank you, Mr.Perot. 
In fact, John recently wrote an article in a big magazine saying he wants to do for the health care industry deregulate and let the free market move as he did for the banking industry. 
And, like Franklin Roosevelt, I don't care if an idea is a Republican idea or a Democratic idea. 
He now says he's going to replace Obamacare and make sure that all the good things that are in there are there and that you don't have to worry. 
I do not intend to ensure that the United States is always in a position where, while we are negotiating with the Soviet Union, we are putting an end to our intelligence efforts. 
Mr. CLINTON: First, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for the TPP, I said I was against it. 
And education should start at home, and it should be strengthened in our schools. 
We will choose to move forward because we have huge opportunities, huge opportunities to improve things. 
That's what Admiral Mullen said. 
Two minutes, sir. 
OBAMA: Candy, there is no doubt that global demand has increased, but our production is increasing, and we are using oil more efficiently. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a question of leadership on a personal level. 
And yet he tells you he's for a middle class tax reduction. 
If you put 50 tons of TNT in each of the railway cars, you would have a TNT load - a TNT train load extending across this nation. 
I understand what it's like to sit around the kitchen table with a dad who says, "I have to go, champion, because there's no job here. 
Every time you've matched the rules of the game, they've been able to move. 
That's because I care about education for all our children. 
I have just told you the criteria on which I will appoint judges. 
It works when you make sure they have housing, as we did in the last military budgets. 
Does Iraq's experience make it more or less likely that you will take the United States into another preventive military action? 
I'm thinking of Missy Johnson. She's a fantastic woman I met in Charlotte, North Carolina. She and her son Bryan came to see me. Her husband PJ was killed. He was in Afghanistan, he went to Iraq. 
What do you mean? 
I would be honored and humiliated. 
Tom, do this and I'll look at you. 
I think he said that Israel was a military burden for us and that Iran was hoping to restore the Persian Empire. 
Did you ask me a question? 
GORE: I think Mr. Lehrer, throughout his career, Jack Kemp has been a powerful and necessary voice against the kind of rudeness and incivility to which you refer in the question. 
We must have a president who can lead on this issue, who can work with Congress, and I am ready to do so. 
And to date, none of his decisions or decisions have ever been challenged. 
If you were vice-president of the United States and Japan, what would you say to the president? 
But sir. 
We have too much to do to get back to the failed policies of the past. 
The next question is yours, Mr. Perot. 
And I firmly believe that common sense firearms security measures would help us. 
And I understand this side, too, not much, because we should never have been there. 
Aleppo is a disaster. 
(Hearing: "No.") 
Yes, of course. 
And I can only say that I am very proud that President Eisenhower has restored dignity and decency and, frankly, a good formulation of the conduct of the United States presidency. 
Governor CLINTON: That's what's wrong with Mr. Bush. 
We'll continue in section F, as it is. 
Gentlemen, we have about four minutes left. 
Another is investing, saving and stimulating growth. 
We will make it affordable and accessible. 
In this interview, Governor Carter indicated that he would increase taxes on average or average or higher incomes. 
I believe that when we are the strongest when we reach out and lead the world and build strong alliances. 
Success will bring us together. 
Gentlemen, say it's the end. 
I wish you'd done it, but she's been here for 30 years. 
I'm an adult, I can take care of it, I'll pay for it. 
Our airports are like a third world there. u land in LaGuardia, you land in Kennedy, you land in LAX, you land in Newark, you come from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible — you come from China, you see these amazing airports, and you land — we have become a third world there. 
But it seems to me that the file is clear. 
By the way, when Senator Obama said that he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, Canadians said: "Yes, and we will sell our oil to China. » 
I want to move on to a balanced budget, and I'm going to reduce the tax burden on middle-income families. 
And so if we take a balanced approach, what we can do is also help young people, as we have already done during my administration, to make sure that they can afford to go to university. 
There's a tax loophole right now. 
The only thing I'm for is a safe society. 
Our spending on defence, our spending on mutual security, our spending on economic assistance and technical assistance will not be lower. 
They kicked me, too. They keep me honest. They don't let me escape with anything. 
So what I said was your first $250.0. 0 income value, no change. 
You know that he can, and already, there was fraud and deception. 
So we need to understand how we're going to have more people with pension plans, and pension coverage has decreased as more and more people work for small businesses and fewer people work for large businesses. 
Good -- (Laughter.) 
And I am, you know -- there would be special rights for different groups in America. 
I know they're popular, but I'm against them. 
I will never give my veto on American security to another entity -- not a nation, not a country, not an institution. 
KEMP: Well, we need to have the kind of economic prosperity that will allow us to generate revenues to provide this technology. 
Mr. Lutz? 
I'm worried about health care. 
I'm asking you about the fact that millions of people have received. 
Forget all that talk about a draft. 
Five million people lost their health insurance under this president. 
Senator Obama will tell you, as extreme environmentalists do, that he must be safe. 
But like almost all other cases, including the New York Times not too long ago, he used what is called the net operating loss. 
MEMORY_OF_AUDITENCE: In one of the last debates held, the subject of capital punishment came, and in your answer to the question, you seemed too happy and in fact proud that Texas had led the nation in the execution of the prisoners. 
We must therefore redouble our efforts. 
And he should be proud of it, it's part of his file. 
He says you are ready to eliminate the weapons system that will lead to the unilateral disarmament of that country. 
Governor Romney has no five-point plan. 
The Family Leave Act? 
We have provided humanitarian assistance and helped the opposition to organize itself, and we are particularly interested in ensuring that we mobilize moderate forces within Syria. 
We need someone to simplify the code, to be fair, to continue prosperity by sharing part of the surplus with the people who pay the bills, especially those at the bottom of the economic scale. 
He claims it'll be out of social security. 
What will you do as president to open up foreign markets to fair competition from U.S. companies and to put an end to unfair competition from foreign countries in your home so that we can bring jobs back to the U.S.? 
QUAYLE: When you look at the qualifications, you look at the achievements as well as the experience. 
And of course Kuwait. 
But I love teachers. 
This is the wrong way. 
You have 30 seconds to answer. 
Fortunately, he was arrested in his footsteps. 
And guess who usually ends up closing the tax gap? Middle class. 
In some cases, they're murderers, drug addicts, drug problems. 
We immediately went out and saved General Motors. 
And we win in Iraq. 
Today, there are billions of dollars in balance, and the only answer that has come to this point is the biggest tax increase in our country's history - the increase in wages taxes for social security - which will put only one bandage on this point and delay the day of taking into account no more than a few years. 
But let me mention something else. 
So, for the record, you're saying you never did this? 
All topics are open to discussion. 
We have nuclear energy, which I believe is the safest. 
But when you say it didn't work – when Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birks and our medical experts came to us in the second week of March, they said if the President didn't take the unprecedented step to close about half of the American economy that we could lose 2.2 million Americans. 
Is President Carter another problem? 
QUESTION: Mr. Romney, what do you intend to do with immigrants without their green card, who currently live here as productive members of society? 
I don't know how long it'll take. 
And the initiatives we have taken in Southern Africa are the best examples of what this administration is doing and will continue to do over the next four years. 
And I would say to the Soviet Union that we will sit down and negotiate with you for as long as it takes, not only to have a legitimate arms limitation, but also a reduction of these nuclear weapons to the point that either of us poses a threat to the other. 
We're going to make sure you have a will to live like this -- so we can know how you're going to bring things down if you're making a bad bet so we don't have any other bailouts from taxpayers. 
I want a high salary, highly skilled jobs. 
I'd like to answer. 
When he was a presidential candidate, his own colleague said they would cost 30% inflation in two years, and he quoted his leading economic advisor, a distinguished economist, Paul Macavoy, as the source of this information. 
It's time to rebut. 
Certainly, I'm not proud of that. 
You have two minutes to answer, and John is going to ask. 
Their younger son, Roderick, is in second grade in the same high school as Don McNeil. 
And one person is too much. 
You have spoken a few times today about the law on partnership in vocational training, which you have written. 
I think you need to work with the leaders of these other Central American countries to try to bring about the democratisation of Nicaragua - through negotiation, by pressure, by council, by diplomatic pressure, that we should first try to do so. 
And it starts by making sure we rebuild our military power. 
The governor proposed to skip a generation of technology. 
It was blocked in the Senate. 
We know better how to do it in California or Texas or wherever it is. 
TRUMP: You have — wait a minute. 
Because we are able to take advantage of the wisdom and experience of different parts of society that had not been exploited in the same way before. 
I ask for your vote, and I promise you that if you give me the extraordinary honour of being your President, I will work every day, tirelessly, on your behalf and on behalf of our children's future. 
I fought against the expenses. 
Clearly, our policy over the past eight years has not worked. 
The next question in this section is here. 
During the 1988 campaign, there was little mention of the savings and loans crisis that cost the Americans billions and billions of dollars. 
Mine's been in the executive. 
We cut taxes, added 1. 
That is why, when I became President, I was determined to go beyond all the unfinished debate that had taken place in Washington for too long to move this country forward. 
They call forest towns. 
The argument is that it is a form of racial profiling. 
In this case, a CCC-type program would be appropriate to channel money to the private sector, as well as to local and state governments, to hire young people who are now unemployed. 
One minute for the vice president. 
And all of you in the press know exactly what I'm talking about. 
They had a chance. 
Why not stop this madness now and draw a line and keep the skies free of war? 
You asked a question... 
But this is the time you're being tested not only -- it's the time to test your softness, a moment to test your heart when you see people whose lives have been reversed. 
Let's move on to Aleppo. 
WALLACE: And the argument he and the other Republicans are making is that this will put an end to private insurance. 
Mr. Vice President, up to 100 officials in this administration have left the government in an ethical cloud. 
- No, it's not. 
Mr. FARLEY: Yes. 
As far as the cost was concerned, it was not $200 billion. 
I'll try to help you, Joe. 
The reason why Indochina was preserved is the result of the Geneva Conference in Indochina. 
We, of course, went through a difficult recession and then the aftermath of September 11, where we lost more than a million jobs after that attack. 
Senator Edwards? 
And it was terminated by the current mayor. 
That is exactly what we are proposing. 
But if you could get rid of those who are unfair, you could lower taxes for everyone. 
It's overwhelming. 
They built cages. 
First of all, when do you believe that human life begins in the growth of a fetus? 
HOWE: Let me now read the rules and conditions under which the candidates themselves agreed to proceed. 
We took it out of politics. 
What's your position on this? 
I'm gonna work with you. 
She had a private server, KAINE. 
It's not just Donald Trump you're taxing. 
We have developed more hydroelectric power over these seven and a half years than in any previous administration of history. 
Now, the rules for the second half are pretty simple. 
But we cannot guarantee equal results in America. 
I want to talk about the back door draft... BUSH: Tell Tony Blair we're going alone. 
And I tried to analyze the human difficulties in this microcosm of life in the -- in the world. 
We don't need to do this anymore. 
STRATEGIES: Being in health care -- we talked about a little health care tonight, but especially Medi-Cal and Medicare were mentioned, but the private sector is a problem. 
I don't think it's worth it. 
Governor Dukakis, a minute. 
TRUMP: ... and it's a criminal enterprise, and so many people know it. 
But I think there are personal differences. 
The president has been AWOL for four years. 
I would restore the concept of fire-side cat, which was an integral part of Franklin Roosevelt's administration. 
He went after a federal judge, born in Indiana, but Donald said we couldn't trust to try the fraud and racket case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. 
What Michael says, don't put all these rules on us, just let us teach ourselves and hold ourselves accountable for each level. That's what we do. 
There is no greater responsibility for a President of the United States than his role as commander-in-chief, and his obligation to commit himself on our behalf when he decides to send our young men and women to war. 
We're going to have trade agreements that we're implementing. 
Or do you keep interfering at will? 
Thank you, Jim. 
Weâ€TMs not going to give everything in a big tax reduction and certainly not to the 1% of the public that doesn't need it now. 
So the foundation does a good job. 
"I said, "I feel it right. 
We're going to have a good economic package. 
Let me fix something very quickly. 
Mr. President, you're measuring if you're doing the job. 
I don't see how you can win in Iraq if you don't think we should be there first. 
In view of the fact that the Soviet Ambassador was recently expelled from the Congo and that Mr Khrushchev cancelled his trip to Cuba this week for fear of resentment throughout Latin America, I would like to ask you to clarify a little more in detail how you think we should measure the American prestige, to determine whether it is increasing or decreasing. 
Let me take a break right there, because we're going to move in_we're going to move into the next segment. 
We're the ones who settled the prison's employment contract. 
Governor. 
We need to put our house in order. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Dole, you have mentioned health reform several times. 
You must always remember that a president can't stop anything unless he has the people behind him. 
He said the standard wearer wasn't for that. 
And I am in favour of shifting the cost of the well-being of local communities. 
Well, Gwen, it's hard to know where to start; there are so many inaccuracies there. 
I want to apologize to our audience because there were 209 people here and there were 209 questions. 
Ours is 35 percent. 
And I have sponsored other laws and taken other steps to achieve this ideal. 
We went to Russia, we said it was IMF money, and it ended up in Viktor Chemomyrdin's pocket, and others, and yet we played as if there was a reform. 
GORE: The problem with this version of Niagara Falls is that Senators Dole and Kemp would put the economy in a barrel and send it on the falls. 
We both made promises in this campaign. 
You're not being prosecuted. 
Elections have consequences. 
Tonight's format is that of a conversation. 
(Rires). 
And Medicare should be bankrupt perhaps by 1997. 
And if you think I was proud of it, I think you misread me, I know it. 
Isn't it much like the Holocaust when the United States waited too long before we helped? 
I said, did you get an audit? 
And, in fact, has made the United States more respected and confident by our allies and more dreaded by our enemies. 
But we should not use the Constitution to divide this country. 
In the long run, in order for us to compete with China, we must also make sure, however, that we take care of -- taking care of business here at home. 
A lot of initials from a guy who's not from Washington, is he? 
That is a strange thing to say, since we have tripled the internal security budget from $10 billion to $30 billion. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, Mexico, we caused the problem, then we had to enter and release them? 
They sent two of them to a democrat zone. 
You realize that 900,000 small businesses will be taxed under the plan because most small businesses are S-subchapter bodies or limited partnerships, and they pay personal income tax. 
Frankly, it was more violent than I see now. 
And that is not only to keep freedom for ourselves, but to extend it to everyone, to extend it to everyone because it is America's destiny. 
DUKAKIS: Bernard, this was the first presidential decision that we were called upon to take as candidates. 
This old adage they use--we're going to soak the rich--we're going to soak the rich--he always ends up being the poor taxi driver or the worker who ends up paying the bill. 
These tapes are within the jurisdiction of the courts and I have no right to say "yes" or "no". 
Now, the ethics committee is considering this issue, but it will not report on its findings until after the election. 
Over the next four years, we will continue to work to ensure that health care is available and affordable. 
OBAMA: In the meantime, we have also ensured that all the assistance we have provided to these banks is repaid to every penny, with interest. 
We were able to have an economic recovery that created the jobs you're talking about. 
I am a beginner educator in this country, and I really think it's important what children have to say. 
Only 40% of Americans say they would definitely agree to take a coronavirus vaccine if it were approved by the government. 
I've always revealed. 
No one said anything about attacking Pakistan. 
Well, that's not fair. 
The First Lady did an excellent job with an organization called Joining Forces that put our veterans back to work. 
We're going to have a hard time rebuilding it. 
It's not through the government at close range, saying we're going to take more money from people and hire more government workers, raise more taxes, put more regulations in place. 
The second presidential debate will take place next week on October 15, a city hall style debate in Miami. 
I have to answer that. 
The choice for me is clear. 
We have strong growth. 
It's time to do something. 
I raise the $1,000 child care credit for families to help them take care of their children. 
We may not find many of them tonight, so I wanted to point out. 
Well, we come from different places. 
Single women heads of household have -- 
We have the best health care delivery system in the world and we want to maintain it in this way. 
We now want to extend it to PTA meetings and scheduled physician appointments. 
We must be hard on the Soviet Union, but I think the American people -- -- NEWMAN: Your time is up, Mr.Mondale. 
He doesn't put a deficit on the treasury. 
But when you have IBM documents that I've seen recently where you can hire a programmer for $12 in China, $56 an hour here, the tax credits won't cut it. 
Four years ago, when I was on this stage, I said I would cut taxes for middle-class families. 
The people who are struggling right now are middle-income Americans. 
OBAMA: He looked at some of Senator McCain's announcements. 
Now, I could get rid of it in four years in book theory now, but to do so, you'll have to raise taxes too much and reduce profits too much for people who need it and that would even make the economy worse. 
We will continue to attack the offence. 
Putin will have to decide whether or not he wants to adhere to the rule of law and normal accounting practices so that if countries and/or entities invest capital, there is a reasonable rate of return, a way to get money out of the economy. 
When I was responsible for the $800 billion Recovery Act, I was able to get $145 billion for the local communities that have to balance their budgets with the states that have to balance their budgets, so they have to pull - they have to put firefighters, teachers, first responders, law enforcement officers, so they can keep their cities and counties in operation. 
You're xenophobic. 
I don't think Governor Carter understands the need to sell weapons to Iran. 
It's still pending. 
With me, abortion is not a problem of religion, it is a problem of the Constitution. 
And now, when we pay $350 -- we borrow $350 billion a year, it undermines money markets and private investors don't get their share. 
And I will continue to veto them, because I don't think we're being taxed too little. 
I heard Secretary Dulles at a press conference in 58 years saying he thought it was a mistake for Chiang Kai-shek to deploy troops to those islands. 
Isn't it strange that this same woman could have taken the life of her unborn child, and it was abortion and not murder, but if anyone else does, it's murder? 
He even said, well, you know, if there was a nuclear war in East Asia, well, you know, it's good... TRUMP: Wrong. 
Our government should not have allowed this to happen. 
It's a disaster. 
It won't work. 
I learned to eat, walk and dress. 
Mr. NIXON (spoke in French): Mr. President. 
Mr. Reagan, the army is not the only area in crisis. 
And in addition, the Ford administration's tax program, which encourages industry to settle in our large metropolitan areas, in the city centres, will bring jobs where people are, and help revitalize these cities as they can be. 
GORE: -- illegal under any of these circumstances. 
We wouldn't do that at all, number one. 
This will not help us compete with China. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: In reality, Fm will have to do this because we have not had one but two detailed studies that indicate that there are billions and billions of dollars to be collected that are not paid, they are not taxes owed by the average Americans. 
During the period of depression, we had one thing called the home loan company. 
Look, the right path for the U.S. government, we were talking about the government's role, is not to become an economic player, choose the winners and losers, tell people what kind of health care they can receive, take care of the health care system that has existed in this country for a long time and has produced the best health care records in the world. 
But we rebuilt our army. 
And as of tonight, 8 million more Americans have fallen into poverty, and more and more families are hungry every day. 
I never wanted to hire troops. 
Dukakis has tried to make ethics a major issue in the campaign. 
He started talking about my driver, and you know, I'm led to work by the secret services - as well as Mrs Ferraro - as well as Mr. Mondale - they protected his life for four years and now they did a nice job for Barbara and mine. 
I'm going to see Secretary Clinton. 
Vice President Bush comes first. 
How many leaders in the world today would respond to us, as a result of what we have done, in this way? 
That doesn't make any sense. 
I mentioned the debt of the Third World. 
Does anyone think that ExxonMobil needs extra money, when they make money every time you go to the pump? 
CHENEY: Well, Gwen, let me just thank the honourable senator for the kind words he said about my family and our daughter. 
The reality is that when Joe Biden was vice president, we had the opportunity to save Kayla Mueller. 
I don't think that's a bad idea. 
We still have less than 580,000 jobs. 
And I don't want to see the banks drop it. 
That is how we achieve growth and balance the budget. 
Our allies think we've neglected them. 
Let's talk about China. 
As you know, crime is rampant in our cities. 
They are certainly better placed to cope with the extraordinary recession that we have suffered. 
700 billion more. 
But as I said, before even knowing what happened to the ambassador, the governor was holding a press conference. 
He doesn't give them any money. 
These are the policies I have fought for my entire career. 
In each case, our isolation efforts have actually accelerated their efforts to obtain nuclear weapons. 
Number two, with regard to Barack Obama not - quote - "financing the troops", John McCain voted in exactly the same way. 
CLINTON: ...on some of the issues that people are interested in tonight. 
I have a different experience. 
IFILL: Let's try to avoid nuance, senator. 
GORE: Again, can't you just say that you support a woman's right to choose? 
Someone who can come to Washington and forget all the finger pointed and do positive things about Medicare, prescription drugs, social security, and so I'm talking about it. 
I made it clear in my public statements that violence must be continued. 
I would like to say that you can also take a little time without wasting your job to go to a parent-teacher conference or to go to a regular doctor appointment with a family member. 
And it's gonna be hard. 
And also, I'm going to set up a zero-based budget that I used four years in Georgia, which, uh, evaluates each program every year, and eliminates those programs that are obsolete or obsolescent. 
Let me give you an example. 
Concentrate. 
Earlier, Governor Romney spoke of his willingness to make Pell grants and other studies available to youth. 
They're using cheap handguns. 
I don't think we should move on to a cold war relationship. 
Bob Dole and Jack Kemp will try to remind the American people of the enormous asset of our children and why there should be protection for innocent human life, including that of the unborn. 
And contrary to what the President says, I think their environmental assessment is inexcusable and often shameful. 
At this moment, many of these nations hear what Donald says and wonder, why should we cooperate with the Americans? 
Ultimately, the most serious terrorist threat is that one of these radical nations, which believe in terrorism as a policy, has atomic weapons. 
Who built the cages? 
Number two — and that bothers me, because we should ask — we defend them, and they should at least pay us what they are supposed to pay by treaty and t.d., number two, I said, and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because — and I was very strong about it, and it was actually covered very precisely in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times, to be honest — but I said, they are not focused on terror. 
SMITH: Could you repeat the question now for Governor Reagan? 
I appreciate jobs in coal, oil and gas. 
I think that's the answer. 
It's important, it's their future. 
Today, 300,000 people are smaller than eight years ago. 
But let me just talk about what the president just said. 
Bill Clinton wants to empower the government, we want to empower people. 
I can answer it, Gwen, but it'll take more than 30 seconds. 
It's coming out of your salary. 
They must include other Latin American countries. 
One thing I called for has been blocked, and I will continue to work for it, is a whole law of financial reform. 
We no longer give the image of being on the rise. 
We don't need tax cuts for the rich for nothing. 
And I have a big difference with Mrs Ferraro on this one. 
The United States - (Laughter) QUAYLE: Some of Senator Bentsen's supporters make fun of that. 
We are making a lot of progress. 
Admiral Stockdale, would you like to have the last word at that time? 
Communism? 
HARRIS: I would like to go through – 
First of all, our family could handle this whole thing. 
We didn't win. 
I argued that we should fund it entirely. 
Why do you keep doing military maneuvers with South Korea? "I said, "Because North Korea is a problem. 
And I can't tell you how much I'm encouraged to see freedom running. 
In the same way we treated the diplomats of apartheid in South Africa. 
Their patriotism is not only a pride in the country as it is, but a pride in this country that is strong enough to meet the challenges of the future. 
REAGAN: Well, as I say, we have to look at what a reversal there would mean and what the government that would follow would be. 
But I prefer that. 
If you had told me I was going to do this 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very surprised. 
We worked hard to expand the choice of public schools in my budget balance bill. 
What did the President say in January? 
Although I would like to go back – 
I have recently noticed that Governor Reagan frequently cites the Democratic Presidents in his acceptance speech. 
There had been three separate Soviet leaders. 
I'm curious to know what you're thinking about starting with you, Senator Biden. 
WALLACE: She said that public health experts quote, "Sera muzzle, will be deleted. 
It's a fear -- he's trying to scare people in the voting booth. 
Mr. Trewhitt, a question for President Ford. 
To what extent should we be confident that this will be a fair election, and what are you prepared to do in the next five weeks? 
In America, on fundamental moral issues, we have always let the people decide in their own personal lives. 
I know more about the wind than you do. 
We will continue to cherish her. 
CLINTON: ... advocated more countries to get them, Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. 
I'm not gonna do that. 
Who do you think, WADA, me, a guy who's been fighting for this all his life, or someone who really started a plan that deliberately cut -- added an extra $6,400 a year to the cost of health insurance? 
MONDALE: No doubt, I got up and told the American people that the deficit of $263 billion should be reduced. 
I'm going to spend a little money on the key issues we need to work on. 
It's the end of the town hall meeting. 
I do not believe in the great government, but I believe in effective government action. 
In Congress, in the House of Representatives, I served on the Chamber's Intelligence Committee and worked hard to learn about nuclear arms control and how we can address these tensions and address non-proliferation and the problems of terrorism and these new weapons of mass destruction. 
We're the only remaining superpower, and we should be. 
My plan requires tests from all students. 
My opponent, the senator, is talking about foreign policy. 
Mr. Perot, would you like to discuss the time limits? 
But that's not the case.We won't be a big country unless we have a strong family unit in each house. 
So how do we deal with him? 
The third thing we need to do is make sure that we are competing in education. 
And it is important that we have a good relationship, because it allows me to better comment on and discuss with him some of the decisions he makes. 
People deserve this since we have to take the tab; you have the CIP money, we will pay the tab. 
OBAMA: Well, why not -- why not -- let's talk about it, Tom, because there were just a lot of things there. 
I therefore believe that our power should first and foremost be exercised in such a way as to form a more perfect union. 
Take it and get anywhere in America the health care you want. 
We have mobilized sanctions against this government. 
So I will make it very simple in this question: Where is each of you standing on the issue? 
All right, let them talk about North Korea. 
The goal is for every child to learn to read. 
Admiral Crowe, whom I think I'm one of your classmates at Annapolis -- STOCKDALE: Oh, yes, I knew him -- GORE: -- supported -- STOCKDALE: -- 50 years. 
It has more than 100 billion tax cuts and incentives. 
Hillary Clinton went to Russia to try to convince them not to. 
Hon.HUME: Senator, I would like to refer you to the question I asked you earlier about what would happen if you were to take over in an emergency, and what you would do first and why. 
And what should you do? 
Hillary has experience, but it's a bad experience. 
But look what happened to the middle class. 
I appreciate the young man's quote. 
The concern I have is that we have a country with 85 million people sharing a 2,000-mile border with us, with half of them under the age of 15, a country that has had its standard of living reduced by 50 per cent over the past six years. 
Joe Biden will not raise taxes on anyone who earns less than $400,000 a year. 
Support the platform uh - Republican uh - which calls for the constitutional amendment that uh - prohibits abortions. 
Allow the President to set priorities for where we spend. 
But more and more, we are witnessing cyber attacks from states, state bodies. 
I can't fix the stats. 
This orgy of spending and huge deficits that you voted for almost all of its budgets. 
Under my leadership, we're going to win this war in Iraq. 
We will have conventional forces that are well-maintained, well-equipped, well-trained, well-supported. 
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no no no no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no 
And, second, the reason the army said it's, you can't wait and have a cliff. 
QUAYLE: Thank you, Senator Gore, for reminding me of my performance in the 1988 debate on the Vice-Chair. 
I went to New York. 
CLINTON: ...of what Donald said, it's about nuclear weapons. 
RADDATZ: You were one of the few legislators to oppose President Bush when he sought to partially privatize social security. 
The earned income tax credit, sorry. 
That it was an act of terror and I also said that we are going to track down those who committed this crime. 
Three, a Gallup poll conducted in February asked people in ten countries which country they thought was the first in 1970, both scientifically and militarily. 
Well, I think it's made to man. 
I'll balance the budget every year. 
As far as Iraq is concerned, we had the same position before the withdrawal that we agreed with the Obama administration. 
Honestly, couldn't anyone else? 
Now, either he's gonna break all those wonderful promises he's told you about, or he's gonna raise the taxes. 
And I know the president will join me in welcoming all of Florida into this debate. 
Vickie French, where are you? 
But they're certainly a little nervous when Senator Obama says, if you don't get the health care policy that I think you should have, then you're going to get a fine. 
You know, some parents worry about these filters, that you'll have to ask your kids how to put them there. 
As for something like coal, we made the biggest investment in clean coal technology, to make sure that even if we produce more coal, we produce it cleaner and smarter. 
There are now some forty million handguns in this country, at a rate of two decimal five million a year. 
And, absolutely, we need an assignment reform. 
What is the plan to increase taxes on those who earn more than $200,000 a year? 
They want to enter our market. 
It makes you realize that whoever is president is going to be a man that all the children of America are going to either look up, or look down. 
I say that the programs and leadership that failed at the time are not the program and leadership that America needs now. 
I promise I won't sing. 
We do not have to settle for 50% of the children leaving university who are unable to get work. 
And I do not think there is a question about whether - there has been criminal prosecution, but whether - if you have told the American people your full involvement in this matter. 
The difficulty, of course, is that we have heavy obligations abroad, so we must not only maintain a favourable trade balance, but also send much of our dollars abroad to pay our troops, maintain our bases and support other economies. 
Thank God we had a Republican Congress over there. 
No one should go to jail because they have a drug problem. 
As you can expect, many of the questions we have here in the room tonight and online relate to the American economy and, in fact, to global economic conditions. 
I don't care. 
I spend my money -- not CAP money, not foreign money, my money -- to convey this message to the people. 
You don't have to have a choice between environment and jobs -- you can have both. 
And the president and I have a difference of opinion about how we live our sense of faith. 
BUSH: First of all, I'd like to clarify something, because every four years, the Democrats say, "Hey, the Republicans are going to cut off social security and health insurance." They did it again. 
Patrice ? 
We are taking a whole new approach to eliminating unnecessary regulations, unnecessary bureaucracy. 
So this commitment is not realistic, and I think the Vice-President knows that; I think the people of this country know that. 
We could move to the human population much faster than we do with some of these new drugs. 
Well, I just mean... RADDATZ: There's been a lot of fact checking on this. 
I think it's also a strength. 
KERRY: Well, I respect everything the president has said and certainly respect his faith. 
I'm not talking about tearing. 
Go ahead, sir. 
But we must also take the demand seriously. 
CLINTON: I think a lot of people deserve credit and I tried to give them. 
How much did you cut them, then? 
And that's why. 
Mr. Speaker, you have enjoyed a republican majority in the House and Senate during most of your presidency. 
We must be stronger with regard to terrorism. 
We stopped Q.A. Khan Network. 
This is a contest between a democrat in the course of my party, as shown by my actions at the Oval Office over the last four years, unlike Governor Reagan, who, in most cases, characterizes his party, but in some cases, he radically departs from the legacy of Eisenhower and others. 
But let me take the other side of the room, if I can. 
And Bernie, I'm gonna explain tonight how we're gonna do all this and stay financially responsible. 
We lost an election. 
There are a lot of really good people working hard to do it. 
Determine the future of our country and what its leadership looks like. 
We are talking about growth. 
The Soviet Union sat down at the table knowing that we had made unilateral concessions without any reciprocity on their part. 
And if they don't, we're going to ask for a stronger authority in the hands of the FTC on false and misleading advertising. 
And John McCain, too. 
If you don't want to accept the offer of the plan I want to present, you didn't. 
He has every right to exercise his passion, as he said, a strong and progressive Liberal. 
Iran has Iraq as one of its neighbours. 
No one wants gridlock anymore, so let's get the program through. 
You made three and a half million dollars, Joe, and your son gave you. 
Tell that to Nancy Pelosi. 
Yes, so I agree with him that we have a lot of flexibility in this, and we will do what we need to do to administer very properly the plans that are necessary for this n.d. it is my executive experience that is in part to be attributed to my choice as Vice-President. 
And you've been widely praised for handling it with ardour. 
We Republicans came to power to change the government, and the government changed us. 
We would end the proliferation of nuclear weapons. 
We have been totally indifferent to Latin America until the last few months. 
I believe that the people of this country can, and together, we can start the world again. 
But do not be mistaken, we must do everything in our power to ensure that the will of the Serbian people expressed in this extraordinary election is made. 
This morning, I got a call from the Mayaguez skipper. 
But I disagree with most of the ACLU's positions. 
In terms of being more violent. 
As a businessman, I had to have -- I need to know the rules. 
She doesn't mean that, but that's what happened, and that's what happened. 
We had a Republican Congress. 
On the question of this appointment – Joe and I are very clear, as are the majority of the American people. 
And now the tax code is fairer. 
Nobody does that. 
This legislation would have helped our unemployment, but we all know that it would have controlled our economy, that it would have added $10 to $30 billion a year in additional federal spending. 
More than $60 million will at least participate in this campaign to leave the American dream to you and your children, for this country to be settled, because if anyone owes you, I do. 
The president says, said President Trump, that he will protect people with pre-existing conditions, but he did not explain how he will do it. 
They used these weapons against their own citizens and killed Americans with them. 
And what has happened over the last four years has been very, very hard for young Americans. 
We have adopted a reform of medical responsibility through the House of Representatives. 
We have families that hurt. 
He says we learn to live with it. 
DOLE: Well, first of all, I think that's a very good question. 
I just have to say something. 
So our position, the separation of the church from the eyes, pluralism, so no little child with a minority religion of some kind will feel offended or feel excluded or uncomfortable. 
So the story, I think, is good. 
It's inconceivable. 
They were paying you a lot of money and they're probably still, but now, with what came out today, it's even worse. 
What we do is that there are opportunities, business opportunities, educational opportunities, responsibilities, where people with talent, black or any other minority can fully qualify. 
But they come to me and they say, please, ask Congress to stop passing so many mandates telling us how to control things. 
You could say it took a lot of work. 
We have achieved the greatest salary increase of a generation for our military. 
We see them as our adversaries. 
What is the greatest threat? 
Now it's over 10 trillion dollars. 
And since you shared the last stage, 16,000 Americans have died of VOCID. 
He's definitely a bad guy. 
And then you get Wall Street up? 
Number two, change the tax code. 
We will have 125,000 soldiers trained by the end of the year. 
When's the last time? 
The real question isn't whether we're gonna be all right? 
Both candidates will have two minutes to respond to each hearing and question online. 
Let us not forget that they entered with the control of a party. 
And thank you both again. 
You don't measure it by a percentage increase. 
I think you will help me understand how to govern this nation so that we always keep in mind that the success of the administration is the difference we make in the people n.d. This is what I bring to the ticket, as this experience has been used at all levels of government. 
Now I'll tell you that. 
REYNOLDS : Well, governor, on the same subject, would you need mandatory conservation efforts to try to keep the fuel? 
Let's stop for a second and remember where we were eight years ago. 
I didn't say nuclear. 
And that's one of the things I learned at the White House, is that there's a huge pressure on the president, and he can't fade under that pressure. 
OMAMA: But I do not agree with him on this, because the data do not show that it really solves the problem.Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the D.C. Bill program by 2,000 slots. 
We must show our moral support for Ukraine. 
I watched George Bush. 
I think you have seen in this debate tonight that Governor Reagan and I agree on one thing - we are both opposed to repositioning a project in peacetime. 
We did the Libyan raid, you remember this one, because we feared to death that Gaddafi would build chemical weapons. 
I have proposed a plan, a detailed budget, which shows us a reduction of half of the five-year deficit. 
Ross says, with great conviction, that he is opposed to the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
Let me take a step backwards and tell you what I would like to do with our immigration policy in general and include an answer to your question. 
Now, $18 billion is important; $300 billion is really important. 
Today, in the last Congress - the extraordinary session of Congress - there was a bill: one by the Speaker, one by Senator Kennedy and members of his party. 
Finally, we are going to make sure that we are in a situation that we are actually protecting pre-existing — there is no way that it can protect pre-existing conditions. 
None, zero, you can't do it in the ether. 
And Senator Obama, by saying that he would attack Pakistan, looks at the context of his words. 
Ultimately, it is a choice between hope and fear, a choice between the future and the past. 
It creates jobs for hundreds of others, and similar initiatives work in other areas of empowerment. 
In fact, in Congress, we have just massively adopted the 1984 Charter of Civil Rights and this administration, the Republican-controlled Senate, just killed her last week or two in Congress. 
SHADEL: Mr.Cater has the next question for Senator Kennedy. 
We're in the state of Show-Me, as everyone knows, so the residents of Missouri will ask the questions. 
I would never, never have joined this post if I wasn't absolutely sure that Barack Obama shared my n.t. you asked a question about whether the policy of this administration had had any meaning or something to that effect. 
A bank in Washington, for example, provides low-interest loans to people who properly isolate their home or buy efficient cars. 
WALLACE: President Trump- 
Go read the book. 
If you want someone who will fight for you and who will fight for middle-class families and workers, who are sick and tired of having their parents and grandparents pay more for prescription drugs than anyone else, then I want to fight for you. 
And the president is right in terms of additional oil production, but none of this has come to federal lands. 
Then let's stop it. 
I hope that the African Union will quickly help save lives. 
I'm all for that. 
Your question was about fairness. 
Aren't you ready to give up? 
Well, we're going -- we're going to have a lot of interesting debates after this debate. 
Let's get the American people to work, and build the kind of high-tech, high-wage, high-growth economy that the American people deserve. 
There are too many special interests and lobbyists working on it. 
But understand that there is a lot of cruelty in the world. 
It's not. 
I appreciate it, Joe. 
I believe, however, that a comment should be made on the direction of the Burger court vis-à-vis the court that preceded it. 
They're against the American way. 
She had a bad judgment, and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. 
And the reason why the money had to go into the trust fund was to make sure that we could cover those eligible for benefits. 
I mean, she was very, very angry when she was held up. 
And you know what, the problem is changing. 
When the stock market rises, it means jobs. 
Donald, would you shut up for a minute? 
He said the centerpiece of my first four years will be a middle class tax reduction. 
Well, I'll tell you what kind of campaign reform I support, Senator Bentsen. 
Yes. 
GROWTH: Because what I want to do, Mr. Speaker, is a second, because I want to introduce you to Nina Gonzalez, who raised an issue that we hear a lot, both on the Internet and from this crowd. 
Mme Quinn. 
We have the highest external debt in history. 
And no one is going to question my patriotism as the vice president has done many times. 
They said even if we are the strongest if we don't do something if we don't have a clear vision of the army, if we don't stop expanding our troops all over the world and nation-building missions, then we're going to have a serious problem coming on the road, and I'm going to stop that. 
He's wrong. 
I think we're starting with Senator Gore this time. 
But briefly, I want to move on to another segment... TRUMP: And, honestly, no one has any business doing what I just said, doing that, as late as one, two, three or four days before birth. 
But it is important that we learn what has been effective. 
I'm Ruth Hinerfeld from the Women's Voter League Education Fund. 
McGee, I'm planning a speech on this next week. 
Do you think -- what is your -- what is your idea of what the obligations of the United States are? 
So let me talk about this fundamental difference. 
SHAW: From historic Danville, Kentucky, good evening, and welcome to this year's only vice-president debate sponsored by the Commission on presidential debates. 
We know that the IRS has made it clear that there is no prohibition to disclose it when you are under T. o you have to ask yourself, why will it not publish its income tax returns? 
You know, one of the reasons so many Republicans support the Clinton-Gore ticket is that they handed over the party to this right-wing extremist group that takes a stand on issues like abortion that don't even allow exceptions for rape and incest. 
CLINTON: I quote 17... TRUMP: Hillary, you have no idea. 
Why are so many people wary of her? 
Mitt Romney is exceptionally qualified to solve these problems. 
So, how are you going to offer this tax relief you're talking about? 
Exactly. 
In addition, I will double the number of special forces so that we can wage a more effective war against terrorism, with less pressure on the National Guard and the Reserve. 
CLINTON: ... wouldn't add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add five trillion dollars to the debt. 
It's from Peggy (ph) in Amherst, New Hampshire. 
We work hard to register children. 
The problem, Mr. Bush, is that you have reduced our commitment to affordable housing for low-income and middle-income families by 90%. 
And America understands that. 
Is this a reason for complacency? 
I'm just curious. 
We have defeated in this system of our fascism, Nazism, communism, socialism is extinct or dismantled throughout the world, the evil of apartheid has ended. 
And we focused on tactics. 
Peace by force works. 
We have succeeded, and that is why terrorist acts have begun. 
I think what makes the economy grow is when you get that tax credit that we put in place for your kids going to college. 
What did we get for that? Nothing. 
Vice President, I'm surprised to hear him talk about records. 
Anyway, we saved the taxpayers $16 billion. 
And I am not at all convinced that he was so out of line with his people or that they wanted this to happen. 
These are the rules of the candidates. 
Mr. Mondale, another way to tackle the deficit is to further reduce spending. 
We had 25 years of very good cooperation. 
And the last statement, just a few days ago, was a speech about the fact that we have inflation because the government's revenues did not keep pace with the government's spending. 
At the moment, we are spending about $300 billion a year on defence, the Japanese are spending about $30 billion in Asia, the Germans are spending about $30 billion in Europe. 
My mother and father, during the depression, worked very hard to give me the opportunity to do better in our great country. 
We're going to move on. 
That wasn't the kind of service call I think the Americans were looking for. 
Those people who felt the revolution was betrayed. 
KAINE: Hillary Clinton said something on the campaign track, and the next day she said, you know what, I shouldn't have said that. 
Is it acceptable for a politician to have a private position on the issues? 
What is the choice between you two on education? 
It is not compatible with the purpose of our nation. 
America is a fair society, and it is not fair for Vice President Bush to pay less taxes than the janitor who helps him. 
About two per cent of our white population is illiterate, ten per cent of our colour population. 
There's a point. 
I would not favour the uh - payment of a given fixed income to people unless they are not able to work. 
Would you like to comment? 
You can say you have mandatory tests, but not you, Mr. Vice President. 
But it must also be tempered by our ability to affect the situation in a beneficial way. 
We're going to give them tax cuts so they can spend more time with their children, maybe even take a vacation. 
I think we can set our priorities. 
NIXON: Well, the conditions I set out in one of our previous televised debates, and it is quite difficult to be much more precise than that. 
Wait a minute. 
And I think it's going to take some time to make it right. 
Never use that word. 
But in this regard, Mr. Burns made a serious mistake. 
I'm not gonna cut the profits. 
I can manage this more effectively than the federal government and the states, moreover, prove. 
The Soviet Union, to our great surprise - and not just mine - made clear when we raised what they placed, they thought, a greater dependence on land missiles and, therefore, they wanted to take all three. 
Secretary Clinton, we're moving on. 
On the other hand, when you have a bill of this magnitude, with these many provisions, a chair has to sit down and decide if there is more good than bad. 
You both said... PENCE: ...their laborious approach. 
All right. 
He must be competent. 
But... GORE: That's good for me. 
Mondale released him. 
I come from the computer industry, and everyone knows that women are more talented than men. 
I won't let that happen. 
That's not fair. 
So that's how I feel, and I think if we had the right kind of campaign reform, we'd get the changes you want. 
But you must have a little experience to know where to start. 
I'm sure you're aware, Senator Obama, of the Washington School System program, D.C., where the vouchers are provided, and there are a number of them, I think it's a thousand and a few and some 9,000 parents have applied to be eligible for that. 
Merci Quincy. 
Now, why, almost 50 years after the end of the Second World War, and with the total collapse of the Soviet Union, should US taxpayers be taxed to support the armies in Europe when Europeans have a lot of money to do it for themselves? 
Tonight, the debate is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
It is not rhetoric that decides the agreements, it is the interest of these countries. 
What do you say to Americans, people of color who... [crosstalk] TRUMP: Well, it was very_I don't say anything. 
What I think should be done, once they are safe here with their families, and this tragedy is over - we endured this humiliation just to miss a week of a year now - then, I think, it's time for us to have a full investigation into the diplomatic efforts that were made at the beginning, why they were there so long, and when they came home, what do we have to do to do that - what arrangements have been made? 
I ask a lot of questions in my job as vice-president. 
You're the candidates. 
BUSH: Well, I think you don't know that we had major achievements in the first quarter. 
Well, it's an open discussion. 
QUAYLE: There is no doubt in a Dukakis administration that aid would be cut off from democratic resistance in Nicaragua, and that is unfortunate. 
I met them at Appleton, Wisconsin. 
All these things are being rectified, and I think we are going to save the farmers. 
TRUMP: Well, for one thing — and before we started this — my father gave me a very small loan in 1975, and I built it in a company worth a lot, a lot of billions of dollars, with some of the world's largest assets, and I say that only because it's the kind of thinking that our country is in trouble. 
She's going to vote in November. 
Help us prioritize those who need to be vaccinated against influenza, the elderly and young people. 
And I believe that this is a final verdict on the failure of economic policies over the last eight years, strongly promoted by President Bush and supported by Senator McCain, who essentially said that we should remove regulations, consumer protections, let the market ignite and that prosperity would rain on all of us. 
But it's a bad experience. 
It was very clear in this election — I did not even take part in the last one — that Russia was involved. 
I recommend it to anyone. 
He was appointed by the 49 other governors, Republicans and Democrats, as the best and most effective in the United States of America. 
This is a very important issue. 
And this composite will now be built around the bridges on the Santa Monica highway to help minimize the impact of earthquakes and create more jobs. 
Mr. MCGEE: Mr. Vice-President. 
GIBBONS: Governor, an important aspect of leadership is, of course, the anticipation of problems. 
I'm not so sure the role of the United States is to go around the world and say that's how it should be. 
You may be surprised, Tom, that they didn't ask me these questions about these votes, because they were glad that I took time to get down and talk about how we're going to get a food bank and make sure a food bank goes to Fort Wayne, Indiana. 
In fact, it would be the most extreme version, the largest tax reduction for the largest percentage of the population in this country we have ever had.I call it a juicy trickle-down, because that's exactly what it would be. 
The way to war is always paved with good intentions. 
We are still number one in the automotive industry, the record number of new small businesses. 
Wait a second. 
And number two, with regard to the ability of the United States to act militarily, it is not my responsibility to talk about classified information. 
I'm not looking for a $5 trillion tax reduction. 
But I have a better plan. 
And finally, sir, to answer your question, you need someone in the office to tell the truth. 
What unpopular measures at the political level are you prepared to approve, push and stay with this could provide real progress in reducing inflation? 
The candidates are Senator Dan Quayle, the Republican candidate, and Senator Lloyd Bentsen, the democratic candidate. 
But I think in terms of recession, of course you feel it when you are President of the United States. 
This is a perfect example, trying to save Obamacare, which is a disaster. 
PAGE: Vice-President Pence, there have been many repercussions of this pandemic. 
I do not think it has worked in the past; I do not think it will work in the future. 
And I know they know I'm gonna take care of it. 
And when we compare the economic progress of this country in the Truman administration to that of the Eisenhower administration, we find that in each index there has been much more performance and progress in this administration than in this one. 
And that means that 98 percent of American families, 97 percent of small businesses, they won't see a tax increase. 
There are 100,000 trained soldiers, police, guards, special units, border patrol. 
Now exactly what action, you would have to determine what your intelligence was, how sure you were of that intelligence, but you would have to take n. u. asked the question about how we deal with a North Korea. 
This will always be the case, but we should be able to change the trend and start moving it in the right direction. 
I think our generation of Americans has the same date. 
This will take the first place, building consensus at the base of America. 
Governor Pence, you mentioned a no-theft zone. 
And the answer is to discipline both the executive and the Congressional power by keeping the line on taxes. 
And if not, would you ask for his resignation if you were elected? 
I think we can cut it by 50% in four years and grow the economy. 
LEVY: Senator, on the same subject, in the past, you have emphasized the responsibility of the President as a moral and executive leader in civil rights. 
And we're building a nearly $40 billion natural gas pipeline that is North America's largest infrastructure project and the most expensive you've ever undertaken to dispose of these energy sources to s. k. Obama and Senator Biden, you said no to all while trying to find a national solution to the energy crisis in which we are. 
I'll also talk -- respond to what you asked, Cheryl, at the same time. 
And they knew what was going on, and they didn't tell you. 
It was a way to take care of them. 
There are four sessions. 
Privilege, right or responsibility. 
To call it a risky plan reminds me of the fact that this administration suggests that they will give you a tax reduction if you do what they want you to do. 
On an individual basis, it has reduced by far the rate of inflation of medical costs. 
And I think there is a general agreement in many parts of the world now that there should be changes in the IMF. 
You mean you need to know Joe's story to know that Joe has experienced pain, that he has experienced suffering, and that he has experienced love. 
We knew he had tortured his own people. 
But maybe there should be other debates. 
He ruined everything. 
For example, three years after September 11, we find that the administration still does not have a unified terrorist surveillance list. 
He spoke of a nuclear freeze when I was in Europe trying to convince European public opinion that we should move forward with the deployment of INF weapons. 
Now we know that the Prime Minister has made a decision, a historic decision, to withdraw unilaterally from Gaza. 
Worse than that, when you add on the other spending programs that our opponents committed to, plus the cost of their social security privatization plan, by our calculations, they're $1. 
Is it the kind of thing, to be precise, that you as president would consider using American military force to get him out? 
Thank you. 
Peace in the world is important and we have strengthened peace. 
We later said no, that's not true. 
A big company can buy -- Ross has a good size business, has been very successful. 
ISIS occurred several years ago in a vacuum left because of a bad judgment. 
President, 1 minute for rebuttal. 
They tried to meet him, he wouldn't. 
When a person is on a watch list or a non-theft list, and I have NRA approval, of which I am very proud. 
Moreover, it is illegal, because the law of the country, adopted by Congress, says that we cannot accept a treaty in which we are not equal. 
What I have done throughout my presidency and will continue to do is, first, to ensure that these countries support our efforts to combat terrorism. 
MONDALE: Well, it's exactly the commitment that was made to the American people in 1980: It will never reduce profits. 
So, I'm everything for pipelines. 
But again, the test or the difference between us, the president had four years to try to do something about it, and North Korea got more weapons; Iran is heading towards weapons. 
I do not think it is possible for Mr Nixon to indicate the case in the distortion of the facts more precisely than he has just done. 
I therefore believe that we must reward these good teachers. 
We cannot have other cases like what happened when Mr Bush went to Japan and the Japanese Prime Minister said he felt sympathy for our country. 
Let me go back to the other dollar. 
They earn an annual income of $25,000, which makes them ineligible. 
Farley ? 
If they had a pre-existing disease, they may not be able to get coverage at all. 
It's in the letter, we have it, we will make it available -- because Bill Clinton is not for criminal reform. 
It doesn't cost any more money. 
Allons-y. 
Mr. President? 
And we hope that during the year we will be able to drive ISIS out of Iraq and then, you know, we really have to press them into one. t we must be aware that they have had foreign fighters come to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we must do this the top y. d I would also do everything possible to take their direction. 
I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. 
The next question is for President Clinton. 
Iran was resurrected. 
That's what Barack Obama and I want to do. 
And of course, I'm talking about the economy. 
Secondly, Mr Drummond's question for Vice-President Nixon. 
And that decision you're about to make better be on what kind of economic theory you want, not just people saying I'm going to fix it, but what are we going to do? 
I believe that this would also be an anti-inflationary measure that would strengthen the country's economy. 
The ayatollahs see that kind of statement and they think, "I'm gonna have a nuclear weapon." 
Now, Barack Obama, of course, he only voted on his party line. 
As a result of his first term of office, he finished with the top state democrat, Bob Bulloch, endorsing George Bush for re-election. 
You have to look at the achievements, and you have to look at the experience. 
Let us remember that the way to win is not to step back and not surrender. 
No, but I pay the tax, and I pay the federal tax, too. 
TRUMP: ... all managed by the Democrats- 
BUSH: I would say, Bob, I have policies to continue to develop our economy and create 21st century jobs. 
It's about you. 
We want a partnership. 
We have more abortions in Washington than live births. 
It hurts this nation. 
Governor Bush and I pointed out while, while we are clearly two pro-life, thatâ€TMs what we believe. 
Barbara, I think, does an excellent job destroying the myth about AIDS. 
So let's stop talking about cutting off health insurance. 
There's a legitimate reason for the CIA to exist, and it's to collect intelligence for our security. 
Anyone who has ever built a successful business will tell you to optimize, optimize, optimize after putting something into effect. 
This does not mean that we are pro-abortion; in fact, we believe that there are far too many abortions in this country. 
Now it also means you have more customers. 
We want to ensure that we protect those in the pipeline as we did in 1983, and we have done so in a bipartite manner. 
And I'd just say it seems to me that this is how it should be. 
CLINTON: Well, let me say that I think maybe we should review the terms, the way they work. 
Such procedures, as well as evacuation procedures and adequate assurance, should be put in place. 
In countries such as Libya or Iraq, we have even alienated some of our closest trading partners because we have insisted on controlling the spread of nuclear weapons to these potentially terrorist countries. 
And I regret some of the negative aspects of both campaigns. 
And, Senator Obama, you will begin tonight. 
It's a way to reduce abortions. 
A ballot paper requested, okay, solicited, is okay. 
HOLT: Secretary Clinton, thank you u. r. Trump, the same question to you. 
And the testimony under oath was that I did not speak to Mr. Nixon, Mr. Haldeman, Mr. Ehrlichman, or any of the White House people. 
He is not credible when he talks about being fiscally conservative. 
And so we just have an honest difference of opinion: I support it and it does not. 
I don't think a president can do that. 
The other night, Governor Clinton raised my -- I don't know if you saw the debate the other night. 
I was surprised to hear you say that because you said there was nothing -- something like clean coal. 
But we will always have to remain vigilant with regard to terrorist activities. 
The kids loved him. 
Mr. Vice President, you just sang the praises of the best of your ticket. 
KEMP: It's amazing that we can bring down the standard of living of a friendly country like Mexico from almost 40 to 50 per cent. 
This is one of the main reasons why we have had such an increase in the number of people employed. 
But what you need is people who, when they say they're going to do something, are going to do it. 
To each of you. 
And I propose a plan that will provide tax credits and tax incentives for the rapid development of new types of cars, trucks, buses, factories and boilers and furnaces that do not have so much pollution, do not burn so much energy, and help us get out of the cutting edge of new technologies that will create millions of new jobs. 
I think that once it has reached productive stages, we should, of course, hand it over to the private sector. 
I think one of the lessons between World War I and World War II is that we leave our military atrophy behind. 
I'm sorry. 
I am optimistic about the future. 
And that's why I'm trying to do something about it by stimulating exports, by providing more, better education systems. 
Mr. President, did you look at your pension? 
But most of all, I want to help people. 
Because they know that the future lies, the future lies in our ability to breathe. 
In the case of the Helsinki agreement - it may have been a good agreement at the beginning, but we have not managed to enforce the third part of the "basket", which guarantees the right of people to migrate, to join their families, to be free, to express themselves. 
We should shut them down. 
I believe the opposite is true with President Ford's campaign, and, uh - I hope we can leave these questions in the next ten days about personalities and mistakes of the past - we both made some mistakes - and talk about unemployment, inflation, housing, education, tax, government organization, the suppression of secrecy and things that are crucial to the American people. 
He went to say we have to make the same changes they're making now. 
Key people, President Bush. 
The size of the government in California increased only one sixth of what it increased as a proportion of the population in Georgia. 
And the biggest refund I can ever give is to recreate the American dream for your children and grandchildren. 
GORE: I think we should tackle our country's problems, not tackle each other. 
We encourage parents to examine the comparative results of schools. 
OBAMA: But as Abraham Lincoln understood, there are also things we do better together. 
In his acceptance speech, Governor Carter called for more and more programs, which means more and more government. 
Mr. MCGEE: Mr. Vice-President, some of your first campaign publications said that you were doing a study to see if new laws were needed to protect the public from excessive use of power by unions. 
on this issue. 
Unfortunately, however, many schools imprison children in schools that do not teach and do not change. 
What would be your priorities as the most important aspect of selecting a Supreme Court judge? 
I would like you to describe to the audience the last time you were able to visit one of these families personally and how you explain to this family your votes against the school breakfast program, the school lunch program and the expansion of the children's immunization program. 
There are other questions that also go to this scepticism, not necessarily about you, but to all people in politics. 
Our biggest debate with this administration on domestic policy is that they think we are at our full capacity, that we have reached our potential and 2.5 percent growth is enough for America. 
And Senator Obama is a recent convert, after asking for $932 million in pork barrels projects. 
I'll just say my time is running out here. 
Donald Trump has no plan. 
Apparently, he wants to spend billions on the MX for railroad cars, a system of weapons that we don't need and we can't afford. 
We will follow a format agreed upon by representatives of the Clinton and Bush campaigns. 
But time is our friend there, because their leaders will change in not too many years, the worst case, and their country is making great progress. 
I found this to be a problem in trying to defend my tax relief system. 
Okay, Judge Ginsburg said very loud, very loud, about 10 years ago, she said that a president and the Senate are elected for a period of time, but a president is elected for four years. 
Not only that, 90 percent of coalition victims, Mr.Vice President, coalition victims, are American victims. 
I don't see how you can lead this country to succeed in Iraq if you say a bad war, a bad time, a bad place. 
I therefore have no doubt of his personal commitment to individuals. 
MAYNARD: Governor, federal politics in this country since the Second World War tended to favour the development of suburbs to the great detriment of central cities. 
Then we went with the multinational force to help withdraw, and indeed withdrew, more than 13,000 of these terrorists from Lebanon. 
Mr. President... OBAMA: And I have two daughters and I want to make sure that they have the same opportunities as the sons of anyone. 
QUARLES: Does MP Ferraro, as a fervent Catholic, bother you that so many leaders of your church do not agree with you, and do you think that the Catholic Church treats you unfairly? 
I therefore believe that we can SHAW: Mr. Vice-President. 
Senator McCain, most recently in March, boasted that he was a deregulator. 
It's his file. 
Good in all directions. 
What's the difference? 
This would mean the resumption of a very dangerous nuclear arms race. 
Anyone who says America has been motionless for seven and a half years has not travelled around America. 
But in the end, there will be no peace until he leaves. 
Let me talk about the economic announcements that were made last week. 
While I was governor, more than eight years ago, I found 14 separate cases of discrimination against women in the body of Californian law, and I had passed and signed 14 laws that eliminated these discriminations, including those that you just mentioned - equal pay, etc. 
Vice President? 
We want to start with a 21st century war that takes place every day in this country. 
I'm talking to the Republican leaders, and they want to. 
Mr Trump, very quickly, the same question. 
The President should make a national effort to change behaviour in order to keep our children alive in schools, a responsible behaviour to keep people alive. 
What do you say to the Americans who say that this kind of president's language contributes to a climate of hatred and racial struggle? 
I won't. 
That boo was too loud. 
We have to make sure they don't have the arms that enter the... the wrong hands. 
OBAMA: Well, Governor Romney is right, you're familiar with jobs shipped abroad because you've invested in companies that shipped jobs abroad. 
Then they pay 64%. 
What he said he wanted me to do was sign because of my experience of being a member of the team, helping him govern, and that's exactly how he used me. 
It's almost like returning to the Malthusian theory, yet they said everyone was going to starve with the limited population they had then. 
Mr. Ford vetoed, as I said earlier, four times as many bills a year as Mr.Nixon. 
Thank you, Jim. 
Now, listen, I'm just one, you know, a heart dog here; I've been put to the vote by the people, not special interests. 
Tell me how it affected you again. 
Bosnia, Northern Ireland. 
And I'm going to move on between foreign and foreign, since that's what a vice president or president should do. 
I think, however, that the alarm has been heard and that there will be more surveillance, again thanks to John McCain's bipartite efforts, that it has been so important to bring people together over the past week, even by suspending his own campaign to ensure that he set aside excessive politics and putting the country first. 
You said his vote was political and it would cost lives. 
And we didn't give our ambassador to Benghazi a Marine detachment? 
I don't want to go back to Carter's grain embargo on the Soviets. 
And many very intelligent, rich people know that. 
We must make it the number one priority. 
Let it grow for inflation; let it grow for the number of new people added, the population. 
Brady Bill has prevented at least 60,000 criminals, fugitives and stalkers from obtaining weapons by hand. 
That shouldn't be 21%. 
I have seen cases in West Virginia, here in the United States, where children took part of their school lunch to feed their families because I don't think we are meeting our obligations to these Americans. 
If you look at our numbers right now, we're phenomenal. 
There is enough money to pay seniors today in the day-to-day social security business. 
So it's not that we're still in disagreement. 
It must be available for emergency situations. 
But I think this is a very interesting proposal, to see if we can first find something that makes these weapons obsolete, incapable of their mission. 
We really believe that law enforcement is not a force of racism or division in our country.KAINE: Elaine, may I...QUIJANO: What would you say to Senator Scott, Governor? 
It should not be a bombardment and threat force. 
Look at the campaign financing reform. 
I think that part of the answer to this haunting of those children who are there and who are suffering lies in the extension of Medicaid, to defy the states, and perhaps we will have to impose more on the states in terms of Medicaid taking care of them. 
Years ago, we used to hear that phrase in American politics, the "Blame America First" crowd. I never liked that sentence, but if it were to be applied today, it would have to be applied to that statement. 
(Applause) SHAW: Andrea Mitchell for Governor Dukakis. 
KONDRACKE: Mr Mondale, you say that as far as the Soviet Union is concerned, you want to negotiate a mutual nuclear freeze, but you would unilaterally abandon the MX missile and the B-1 bomber even before the talks started. 
Cowper-Coles said we need an acceptable dictator. 
I wish I could tell my grandchildren, four years after my first term, that your grandfather, working with the leaders of the Soviet Union, working with the leaders of Europe, was able to ban chemical and biological weapons from the face of the earth. 
We did it in Arkansas. 
You said they could get it on the private market. 
I want to reduce the tax burden on middle-income families. 
Asia will be our largest trading partner in the future. 
And when you add in his other spending proposals, unfortunately, you end up bugging them to the man of work. 
Now we have found that elderly people with heart problems and diabetes and various problems are very, very vulnerable. 
You don't want to tax them. 
I never have enough money to do it. 
Mr. Trump, thank you. 
I admit there are some who don't seem to care. 
Lester, how much? 
Since I have about 20 seconds, let me say one thing. 
We are more than 400 miles from any new wall, you see the numbers, and we let people in, but they have to enter legally and they enter by-- 
CLINTON: Well, Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and speed up the end of the conflict. 
It doesn't work better with private insurers. 
When I was at the United States Congress, I worked with former President Reagan to modernize our strategic armaments and pursue arms control responsibly. 
I think Ronald Reagan, John Kennedy and the others did it more effectively, and I'm going to try to follow their tracks. 
Extending it to everyone because the communist goal is not to hold their own, but to extend communism. 
Do you take this into account? 
Now, as for the fact that we have to say if we are going to try to survive in the event of a nuclear war, of course, we will. 
The basic rules are basically the same as for the first debate two weeks ago. 
I think it's a leadership test, and I think the American people know the difference. 
So let me try to answer you that way. 
Exports are declining, and every time a number of exports declines, it hurts the farmer. 
But we didn't need to rush to war without a plan to win peace. 
And that's what people now see in Afghanistan. 
A kid who feels... no matter where the gun comes from, it could be a cheap weapon, a expensive weapon. 
And we did not use our army wisely in Iraq. 
What specific tools would you use to prevent such attacks? 
We will have to develop clean coal technology and safe ways to store nuclear energy. 
Or do you remember when he said, "I promise at the end of my first term that I will reduce the deficit in two in four years"? 
It's a prestige test. 
We're far from the subject here, Governor Romney. 
No, education is how to help the person who lost a job. 
The world is too complex to return to vacillation and weakness. 
Kind of like musical chairs when we were young boys and girls. And it seemed that when the music stopped, the big guy shook the little guy from that last chair. 
They found them, under Trump's name, just the other day in a garbage basket. 
I agree with that. 
The same country that helps us try to stop the flow of drugs in our country that kills young Americans. 
I am opposed to ethanol subsidies because I thought they were distorting the market and creating inflation; Senator Obama supported these subsidies. 
And the Illinois Medical Society, the physician organization in Illinois, voted against it. 
We had Mosul. 
Okay, let's move on. 
It's not America. 
Excuse me, just a second, please. 
Number one, as part of my program, we would provide matching funds to the states to teach everyone with a job to read in the next 5 years and give everyone with a job the chance to get a high school diploma, in large places on the job. 
And the best way to do that is to reform it for my generation. 
I've had a record of bringing people from all walks of life into my administration, and my administration is better for her in Texas. 
Iran has gone from zero centrifuge to 4,000 centrifuge to develop nuclear weapons. 
It makes us stronger. 
They gave 20 waivers of this sanction. 
A president should be the same for everyone. 
And while Barack Obama was talking about re-establishing these regulations, John, 20 times the previous year, called for greater deregulation. 
That is why I plead and will develop during the next administration - if, of course, I have the opportunity - a programme in which we seek more assistance from these other countries on a concerted basis in the economic development programmes for Africa, Asia and Latin America. 
Mr. KERRY: Mr. President, countries leave the coalition and do not join it. 
See, there's a lot I don't understand. I understand business. 
And I recommended it to Congress with a budget ceiling of three hundred and ninety-five billion dollars, and that would have allowed us to have a $25 billion tax reduction. 
We need to do more. 
I grew up with a corn field in my garden. 
Mr.MCGEE: Mr.Niven with a question for Senator Kennedy. 
I want to make sure we have the ships that are required by our Navy. 
We have to attack at any time, we're going to use undercover operations. 
I haven't heard anything yet.I haven't heard how his policy is going to be different from that of George Bush on Iran. 
And, you know, the Bush administration has come to recognize that this has not worked, that we are simply silent when it comes to our enemies. 
She cut the size of the government. 
Governor Bill Clinton, Democratic candidate, President George Bush, Republican candidate, -- (APPLAUUSE) 
MARGOLIS: Senator Bentsen, you said that Vice President Bush and the Republicans would attack the Social Security Trust Fund, and you promised to protect it. 
But I'm asking you specifically. 
John McCain while Barack Obama warned what we had to do was literally give an interview to "The Wall Street Journal" saying I'm still for the reduction of regulations. 
Mr. CHENEY: Bernie, I would like to answer your question to the best of my abilities, but I do not think I can fully understand what it would be. 
They don't want to go into a drug bust and face an AK-47. 
And there are really two very different paths that we started talking about tonight, and during this month we are going to have two more presidential debates and a vice-presidential debate. 
I have a plan to reduce the cost of health care for you. 
And suddenly someone says, "Oh, he must be up there, and it's Star Wars," and so on. 
It is impossible for mayors or governors to cooperate with the resident, because they cannot predict what will happen next. 
I'll tell you another way to protect America in the long term is to continue with missile defences. 
This is unacceptable from our point of view. 
RYAN: Republicans and Democrats worked together on this. 
Anyone who thinks otherwise does not know Russian history and does not know Vladimir Putin. 
For years, she was paid less than a man for doing exactly the same job. 
The median income is down $4,300 per family and 23 million unemployed Americans. 
Gentlemen? 
American seniors have the highest life expectancy in the world. 
Mr Ford acts as if he were going to the presidency for the first time. 
And Donald insulted them and attacked them for weeks because of their n.e. never excused before the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald says that he could not be trusted to be a judge because his parents were, citing, Mexicans. 
We hope you will then join us. 
We got rid of it, we kept away from other wars, and certainly that doesn't indicate that we're happy to start. 
With 3 weeks to come, this campaign has sometimes been very ugly, the tone given the negative personal attacks. 
Many children express their N/A, first and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach everyone. 
And they were desperate for a way to get coverage, because, understandablely, they're worried that if they get sick, they could go bankrupt. 
And I think that an essential component of success in Iraq is to be able to convince Iraqis and the Arab world that the United States has no long-term visions. 
But, I mean, are you in favour of this plan, Senator Obama, and you, Senator McCain? 
The gift, opportunity and peace of America. 
STOCKDALE: I think the best justification to get Ross Perot back into the race is that we are witnessing this kind of chatter on issues that do not focus on where our grandchildren -- the standard of living of our children and grandchildren. 
I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we put a lot of people out of work. 
It's an extraordinarily precious trust. 
More than ever, we must be united as a country. 
-- and independent candidate Ross Perot. 
Now, the most important thing we can do is make sure that we create jobs in this country. 
Now I think we should try to help families and see if that will do what I think -- make all schools better. 
We should make one last effort. 
And the question will be asked by Governor Bush's Joyce Cleamer. 
And it's a test for him if he represents the old guard in the Soviet Union. 
And so let's focus on reducing costs for people, rather than increasing it with the $2,500 extra bonus. 
It's a city where the White House says, "Congress did it." Congress says, "The White House did it." And I'm sitting there and I say, "Well, who else could be there?" And when they leave alone, they say, "No one did." And yet, the cash register is empty. 
CMCain: I think it's much less than the day after September 11. 
So the choice for America is, you can have a plan that I made in four points, each of them I can tell you more or you can go to y.m and see more of it; or you have the President's plan, which is four words: more of the same thing. 
But because I still believe that there is some discrimination and not everyone has the opportunity to prove that they are qualified, I prefer the right type of affirmative action. 
They break the legs of business in different ways. 
OBAMA: My definition -- here's what I can tell the American people: 95 percent of you will get a tax reduction. 
Mr. Perot, even if you have what people say is the courage to make changes in the most popular and sacred of rights, Medicare, people say you don't have a prayer to pass anything to Washington. 
President Trump and I fought for criminal justice, for - 
You have to test every year. 
And I couldn't be more proud to be standing with a pro-life candidate in Donald Trump. 
We can go back and get contributions from workers and women and individuals in America. 
The Russians are preventing important action in the United Nations Security Council. 
And let me tell you exactly what Obamacare did. 
What has happened in the last four years is that I think there has been a real collapse of this line with the separation of the Church and the State. 
And I can promise you, in a McCain-Palin administration, that this commitment is there to work with our friends in Israel. 
Iran is largely bordered by the Soviet Union. 
He had bipartite support; he should have received bipartite support. 
That's for sure. 
Stop asking Gosh, how old are you? 
No, I don't think it's winning. 
Well, it's important because he didn't tell the truth about that position. 
And it doesn't work. 
I don't think my opponent has the right view of the world to make us safe; I really am not. 
We'll have to see if that happens. 
It was me and I'm very happy to do it... 
The question now is how we build on these forces. 
No president, throughout American history, has ever given up, and I would not, the right to preempt in any way necessary to protect the United States of America. 
They want to increase funding at Planned Parenthood of America. 
FOWLER: President Bush, 45 days after 11 September, Congress passed the Patriot Act, which removes enforcement controls and weakens the rights and freedoms of American citizens, particularly the rights of the Fourth Amendment. 
In his last litany of inaccuracies. 
It sets out the formula for Part B of the Medicare Plan, which states that it must in fact cover 25 per cent of the cost of the program. 
CLINTON: It's a_thing's_go to the_please, fact checkers, at work. 
It's a program that says we're going to reform Medicare to make sure seniors have prescription drugs and to give seniors different options from which they can choose. 
What about the citizen who stayed at home? 
With regard to the sanctions imposed on employers, we must not only ensure that we can identify illegal foreigners, but also, while some continue to protest against what it would do to employers, there is another employer that we should not be so worried about, and it is employers over the years that have encouraged illegal entry into that country because they then hire these people and hire them at starvation wages and with none of the benefits that we think are normal and natural for workers in our country, and individuals cannot complain because of their illegal status. 
They're not gonna follow someone who says, "It's the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time." 
It can't get any worse. 
There was a bipartite commission also divided between the Republicans and the Democrats who examined our plan and the Bush-Quayle proposal. 
We don't do as well among people who become regular drug users. 
CHENEY: I think public education is a solution. 
We take program after program that we don't have to absolutely have, and we get rid of it. 
And he didn't have a job until you became vice president. 
There are many things we should be proud of and we should support and raise. 
All this can be cured and everything can be solved. 
I did not have the experience that the President had in carrying out this mandate, but I think of myself as the governor of California, the most populous state in the Union - if it were a nation, it would be the seventh economic power in the world - I too had a few moments and lonely decisions to make. 
And we should not impose these devastating defence cuts, because what it does when we save our values, when we show that we reduce defence, makes us weaker. 
First of all, it is a question of recognizing a huge economic force in this country and questioning the work of our people as a top priority. 
A commission is good, but a commission would not do well if we adopted this $550 billion risky tax system. 
And the governors are creative. 
But I'm talking about the power the president must give to pardons. 
Will he join me in suggesting we need another plant? 
Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum as they came out of Iraq, because they came out — what, they shouldn't have come in, but once in, the way they came out was a disaster. 
And I hope that we will give the women of this country the right to make this decision, and to make it in the exercise of their conscience and religious beliefs. 
Today, a senior member of Islamic Jihad was killed in Gaza. 
Do you support gay marriage? 
We have changed for the first time since the FDR -- since the FDR we had -- we have always had the strategy to say that we could fight in two conflicts at a time. 
Now, it's another thing for you to think about when you come home tonight. 
Mr. Vice President? 
In the Breonna Taylor case, was justice done? 
But I... I'll run out of town if I don't... (CROSSTALK) 
I'm making a statement. 
And so this is not one and state governments have had a difficult time. 
There are a lot of indications. 
And yet you're talking about foreign competition. 
But as we look at quality of life programs - jobs, health, education, crime, leisure - we believe that as we move forward with a healthier economy, we can absorb the necessary little cost. 
LIEBERMAN: This is a very important issue and on which these two notes have radically different points of view. 
So I'm glad I took this fight and I think, with all due respect, that I was right and that he was wrong. 
Because if they put their money down, it means that their prices on their goods are low. 
It's not a militia. 
And, you know, I appreciate it and it seems that we have some agreement that a market to work must have some sort of regulation. 
He said, no, she has leukemia, acute leukemia, a few weeks to live. 
But after immediate action, I believe that the President has an obligation to tell the American people the truth and not to wait 18 months later for the release of the report. 
And what I am trying to understand is how this will affect you not very precisely, but in a very precise way, but in a major way, and the approach to be taken with regard to the Presidency. 
And for countries like Georgia and Ukraine, I think we need to insist that they are free to join NATO if they meet the requirements and should have an action plan to start immediately integrating them. 
And I think it's great. 
This evening, voters will have the opportunity to see and hear the party's main presidential candidates express their views on issues that affect us all. 
But no one knows if Armageddon, these prophecies mean that Armageddon is a thousand years or the day after. 
Let's be clear about my tax plan and Senator McCain's, because we won't be able to process the fees unless we understand what revenue is coming. 
The next question is addressed to President Bush for a two-minute answer, and Ann is going to ask it. 
And you shoot it all at once and you read it and I did it, and it's pretty clear what she and Kelly and the other key guys around that thing thought they were doing. 
Quick answer and another question to you. 
I urge them to do so. 
BUSH: That we spent -- the highest 1% receive 223, compared to 445 billion new spending. 
Today, by its own decision, the poverty index is more than 20%, and I think that should suggest something. 
In February, he said we have the best economy in 30 years, just in February. 
He said, "I'll call you back." 
We will honour that promise. 
And I did. 
They have been our friends since their creation as a nation. 
And I supported -- I was the -- I was the ruler for a lot of that. 
And that has had a negative effect on many oil companies, hasn't it? 
The economy is beginning to collapse with the failure of housing -- -- WALTERS: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Kalb, your question to President Reagan. 
In my view, this statement has been distorted by Mr. Nixon and others in their debates across the country and in their discussions. 
Mr. Kraft, your question to President Ford. 
And we formed a historic coalition, and we sent it down, and we destroyed the 4th largest army. 
These are facts -- that would have given investment tax credits and other incentives to reinvest in our cities, in our country. 
My request for this year was $4.9 billion for AIDS -- ten times more per AIDS victim than per cancer victim. 
If I make a mistake, I admit it. It's quite different from some. 
He is alive today because of the criminal justice system. 
What makes you feel like a heartbeat? 
It's... dollars. 
The difference between the President — I think that health care is not a privilege — is a right. 
There's only one way to get out of it, and it's to stop the deterioration of our employment base, to have a growing employment base, to give us the tax base -- see, balancing the budget isn't as difficult as paying the $4 trillion in debt and leaving our children the American dream intact. 
All right. 
Over the past month, we have had a net loss of one hundred and sixty-three thousand jobs. 
I'm sorry. 
Do you realize that today we produce Hondas and export Hondas to Japan? 
But the way to ensure that our economy develops is not to increase taxes on small business owners. 
I'm exempting small businesses from having to pay in a kitten. 
Uh - I think the reason I voted against the federal government, uh - teachers' salaries was probably the very reason Senator Kennedy was concerned when, in January of this year, at his press conference, he said that he was promoting assistance in building schools, but at that time, he didn't think there should be any help for teachers' salaries - at least that's how I read his remarks. 
I will do nothing to violate the rights of hunters or athletes. 
We will do much better with Mexico with regard to trade agreements. 
It was also necessary to make sure that Moammar Gaddafi did not stay there. 
There was no litmus test. 
BIDEN: Contribution moyenne, 43 $. 
In November 1975, I met the leaders of the five industrial nations in France to see what we could do together to deal with the problems of the coming recession. 
We have also dropped 5 million people on federal income tax lists, so they no longer have to pay federal income tax. 
I don't believe it. 
I could tell Mr. Perot, I can understand why you missed him, because there is so much fascination for trivia, but I have reached an agreement with Boris Yeltsin to eliminate, completely get rid of, the most destabilizing weapons of all, the SS-18, the intercontinental ballistic missile. 
Mr. Trump? 
You know, there's a lot of discussion about how to keep the economy growing. 
Just to give people a chance. 
I suggest that the main problem -- a country spent $400 million on lobbying in 1988, our country. 
So in other words, it's pretty divided in the '90s too. 
I think we need checks and balances in a democracy, and I have made it very clear that by consolidating power in the central government, he is sending a signal to the Western world and the United States that he may not believe in brakes and counterweights, and I have told him that. 
It concerns Turkey. 
The policy of the United States, the Democrats and the Republicans was to do everything in our power to reduce the proliferation of nuclear weapons. 
- No, not at all. 
Senator Obama, you shouldn't. 
It was a bipartite law that was passed. 
OBAMA: And now we're looking at a deficit of well over half a trillion dollars. 
Ronald Reagan said something really interesting about nuclear proliferation in the 1980s. 
It was with him and with the hateful and confrontational campaign that he conducted, and the incitement to violence at his rallies, and the very brutal kinds of comments on not only women, but all Americans, all kinds of s. of what he said about Afro-Americans and Latinos, Muslims, prisoners of war, immigrants, people with disabilities, he never apologized for. 
But I refuse to impose it on Christians, Muslims and equally pious Jews, and I simply refuse to impose it on others, unlike my friend here, the deputy. 
Mr. Bush says we're going to put the IRS on every taxpayer. 
One final point: President Reagan, as the Governor of California, has signed a bill that is perhaps the most liberal bill in any state of the Union. 
Set our training programs for our workers. 
But it wasn't under the handling of the case. 
So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. 
But I don't have any more. 
We want to make sure that... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: But you agree with the chronology. 
When he gave you the biggest tax increase in history; when he tried to take over your health care system. 
But what is absolutely true is that once we have gone through this economic crisis and some of the specific proposals to get us out of this crisis, we will not be able to return to our privileged paths. 
You'll be able to continue. 
Thought: Susan – 
You think that was a mistake, too, Dan? 
Of course not. 
That's where he's going. 
RYAN: For high-income people. 
LEHRER: Mr.Speaker, Senator Dole said the other day that you had a photo-op foreign policy that reduced the credibility of the United States around the world. 
My son didn't do anything wrong to Burisma. 
That includes you, Joe. 
Sir? 
Number two, I asked the president a question that I think Hispanics and immigrants from across the nation have asked. 
As far as nuclear power is concerned, I agree. 
This election is important. 
The next question is addressed to President Bush and Gene Gibbons is going to ask it. 
TRUMP: Well, not really because what's going on is the car is much cheaper, and it's a much safer car, and you're talking about a little difference. 
PENCE: First and foremost, Donald Trump supports our troops. 
And we also agree on the need to ensure that if we have bad teachers that they are fast -- after giving the opportunity to prove themselves, if they can't hack him, then we have to move on because our children must have their best future. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, two years for reform of eligibility programs? 
And we will also give up the question of follow-up. 
And I think it's a mistake. 
It could assist contributions from Indonesia or other foreign countries, the rich of these countries, and then be returned after the LA. 
Access to abortion would then be the responsibility of States. 
But the Middle East still controls a lot of prices. 
They work hard, they do everything they can to give him a good life. 
My question is, do you share this goal perhaps as a long-term goal, and if not, are you aware or why do you allow this group to continue to use your name on its header for fundraising? 
Just let me finish the point. 
As a civil rights lawyer in the South, with the Children's Defense Fund, the first lady of Arkansas and this country, senator, Secretary of State, it has always been to put others first. 
The bill originally covered 25 or more employers, but because of the opposition, we went up to 50. 
And unless we take responsibility day after day, not only when there is a crisis for people who have the power and influence and can hire lobbyists, but for the nurse, the teacher, the policeman, who, frankly, at the end of each month, they have a small financial crisis that continues. 
I thought the question was about defense. 
WALLACE: President Trump, I would like to continue on the issue of race. 
The damage he suffered at his own party. 
I'm Dorothy Ridings, President of the Women's Voting League, sponsor of tonight's first presidential debate between Republican Ronald Reagan and Democrat Walter Mondale. 
But the Clintons have found a way to create a foundation where foreign governments and donors could donate millions of dollars. 
But it's okay, because I think it's a healthy exchange. 
I want to restore a meaningful safety net. 
There's no warrant at stake. 
MARGOLIS: Senator, you are the chair of the Senate Finance Committee and you are generally considered to be a rather orthodox Conservative in budgetary matters, that is, someone who would be very concerned about the budget deficit. 
Now, to get back to your question, Nikki, we will not get the best cooperation in the world today. 
Mr. OBAMA: Jim, I -- you might want to move on to another subject, but I -- I would just say this to the American people. 
OBAMA: And we have a difference, however, in the definitions of small businesses. 
So what we want to do is call opportunity grants. 
Problems are growing at home, but -- problems are growing abroad, but jobs are not growing at home. 
I chose him because of his excellent record as a judge of the Circuit Court of Appeal, and I was very pleased that a overwhelming democratic Senate of the United States, after entering his past, came to the conclusion that he was worthy and should serve, and that the vote on his behalf was overwhelming. 
Thirdly, what hurts American companies more is the cost of health care. 
We will have an integrated security version with a complete reorganization of the executive of the government that I have committed to do. 
And all these things will have to be addressed. 
And if I am elected President, it will be a top priority for me to completely revise the structure of the federal government, to make it economic, efficient, objective and manageable for change. 
And you know what you're gonna find? 
I hope someone wants to applaud. 
But you look at the Middle East, you started the deal with Iran, it's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean, they were so hurting. 
Now, Mike Dukakis has been able to do this kind of thing in the state of Massachusetts by reducing drug use in high schools while he's going up in the rest of the country, putting in a drug education program that the drug control agency said was a model for the country. 
And they're interested in what you're interested in. 
And of course, we hope diplomacy works before you use force. 
He'll win a war. 
The issue of agriculture came up a minute ago. 
People go back to work. 
When Governor Romney talks about this council, for example, that we created, that is, a group of health care experts, doctors, etc., to understand, how can we reduce the cost of care across the system? 
I went to college in this big city, and most of my peers felt against the war as I did. 
In Lebanon, this president was exercising American power, agreed, but the management of it was such that our marines were killed, we had to go into humiliation, the Soviet Union became stronger, the terrorists became inflamed. 
And when I hear Governor Romney say he's a big coal guy, I mean, keep in mind, when -- governor, when you were governor of Massachusetts, you stood in front of a coal factory and you pointed at it and you said, "This factory kills," and you took great pride in closing it. 
They are always very faithful to us, and I appreciate that. 
Governor Palin, you have the chance to make the first final statement. 
Secondly, he says that the costs of medical responsibility are only increasing by 1%. 
If it's good enough for us, it's good enough for all Americans. 
As I studied the file between me and Governor Reagan, I was impressed by the blatant differences that exist between us. 
You put $90 billion in green jobs. 
He said he did not want a clone of himself, but you disagree with him on some major issues: helping Nicaraguan Contras; the death penalty; controlling firearms; among others. 
Health care costs are rising because consumers are not involved in the decision-making process. 
Mr. Perot, you on education, please. 
My candidate's over there. 
No, I'm not. 
Because it will not only be election day, but also the counting of certain ballots – by mail – after election day. 
They sacrifice, they give everything for America. 
If you consider for a moment Gov Dukakis and his years of public service, is there anything nice you can say about him, something you find admirable? 
I'd rather none of us had to pay taxes, including myself. 
I'm the only one on this stage that chased the big banks for taking advantage of the American owners. 
In other places, other states, $15 would be... 
- Mr. White. 
But the second point we need to understand is this. 
That is one of the reasons why I firmly believe in what is called health savings accounts. 
The question of our natural resources, the right of posterity to inherit the earth, and what kind of earth will it be? 
And we will return home as we did when we won other wars and not in defeat. 
But let me tell you, Mr. Vice President, that we are satisfied with our laws on our books. 
John McCain -- that's a fundamental difference between us, we're going to end this war. 
They came after I spied on my campaign. 
We will not pursue the beneficiary of social security. 
That's the problem, not frightening people in America. 
We consume 25% of the world's oil. 
We're in a hole too deep. 
There are 60 countries with members of Al-Qaida. 
We are going to be in a position where we can create difficult, difficult, good jobs by making sure the environment is clean, and we are all in better shape. 
It's a program that says we're listening to the young voices of Social Security and that we're going to think differently about making sure we have a system, but also about fulfilling the promise to seniors in America. 
Because I went to Washington to solve problems. 
And the Taliban are no longer in power, and Al-Qaida has no room to plan. 
It was not created, that is, it was created throughout a pension program or supplement to the pension program. 
And if we have an expenditure freeze, we won't be able to do it. 
We're on the move. 
I just wanted to tell our viewers what she's referring to. 
Make your decision and vote on November 3. 
We need to work with Congress, and Donald Trump is going, to rebuild our army and project the American force into the d.t. on Aleppo and Syria, I really believe that what America needs to do now is to immediately establish safe areas, so that vulnerable families and families with children can leave these areas, work with our Arab partners, in real time, to do this n.d. Secondly, I must tell you that Russia's provocations must be met with American force. 
Very serious errors of judgment have been made. 
And Governor Romney at the beginning of this debate wrote and said that what we did in Massachusetts could be a model for the nation. 
Let's give each American one choice: two tax brackets, generous dividends, and two -- and let the Americans choose if they want the -- existing tax code or they want a new tax code. 
He eventually became a citizen. 
And not to mention that we still spend $10 billion a month, while they have a $79 billion surplus, at a time when we are in great distress here at home, and we have just talked about the fact that our budget is far too tight and we borrow money from abroad to try to fund some of the core functions of our government. 
And instead of 175,000 American soldiers deployed abroad, we now have 15,000. 
Just two days ago, you said that you called on Senator Kennedy to point out to the communist aggressors around the world that we are not going to step back another inch, where we withdrew from the Tachen Islands, or at least Chiang Kai-shek did. 
KERRY: Thirty-five to forty countries in the world had a greater ability to manufacture weapons at the time when the President invaded than Saddam Hussein. 
And free and fair trade is the answer, not protection. 
At home, we will do everything we can to protect our homeland. 
So I want to make sure we make America more competitive. 
KITE: This great nation was established by the founding fathers who had a strong Christian faith in divine principles. 
But I wanted the Americans to know that I was willing to give up something. 
Mr. WARNER: Mr. Vice-President, I would like to address a subject that was not discussed in the first debate. 
They convince the international community that they are not pursuing a nuclear programme. 
That's not what we want. 
President Bush? 
Is that excessive now, you think? 
In fact, this week we will carry out the largest military exercise with Israel in history, this very week. 
Here, at home, we have to do a lot more. 
Thank you, Jim. 
No one likes interference. 
Is that a fair criticism? 
Bernie, I want to thank you and Joe, too. 
They also know if they live in San Diego, Mr. President, if you're caught with 125 pounds of marijuana or less, you're going back to Mexico. 
Now that means we're going to resist America, and we're going to protect those jobs, and we're going to push American products, and we're going to open markets all over the world. 
The facts are_I said I was hoping it would be a good deal, but when it was negotiated... TRUMP: Not. 
The president didn't do anything. 
Hon.GIBSON: I will now move on to the last two questions, and the first will be for Senator Kerry. 
First of all, I greatly appreciate the personal comments that the President has just made. 
So, in my opinion, we would spend more money on this administration for education assistance, we would spend more money on housing, we would spend more money and I hope more wisely for defence than this administration has. 
That's the wrong choice. 
And what I said was that we should include them and make them enforceable. 
On the other hand, women heads of household... 
Now, that's not what we need to create jobs and really strengthen and warm our economy. 
Is that the administration? 
I have to take this, Jim. 
They think a lot of ISIS leaders are in Mosul. 
Quayle: You wrote a letter saying you are opposed to the funding of abortion by taxpayers. 
What does the president have to say about the responsibility of a vice president who doesn't apologize for something like that? 
GORE: It is likely that they would support Roe v. Wade. 
And the truth and the fact is that Joe Biden was very clear. 
I think, as you do, the American people will come more and more to our cause. 
So I hope that you will vote as if your future depended on it, because I think that is the case. 
I would have fought to ensure that our troops had everyone to help them win the mission. 
It's not gonna cost the government money. 
One thing I'd do is get rid of the interest. 
And we're bleeding arterially. 
It is absolutely essential that we have a commander-in-chief who will not hesitate to act to protect American life and protect the American military, and that is what you have in President Donald Trump. 
A press conference he had without his own. 
Thank you, Mr. Mondale. 
Our family did. 
And whatever the vice president says, we're $200 billion and we're counting. 
Obamacare takes $716 billion in Medicare to spend on Obamacare. 
We believe that it is extraordinarily important to do so. 
So we're already beginning to see progress. 
I -- my -- my -- my file represents itself. 
I think everyone knows that. 
They can do what they want, but they have to open these states. 
In the White House staff itself, when I became president, we had about five hundred and forty employees. 
I would like to thank the hundreds of executives who came to Chicago, a third of them Republicans, who said they wanted to change. 
WELKER: I have a follow-up for you, Vice President Biden, it relates to something that President Trump has said. 
The crime bills that you supported in the 1980s and 1990s have contributed to the incarceration of tens of thousands of young Blacks who had small amounts of drugs in their possession. 
And -- and that upset them, but obviously there was a lot of anger before that. 
The honourable senator himself said, during the primary stages, that the Kerry plan would lead us to a deeper deficit. 
I want to make sure we use our oil, our coal, our gas, our nuclear, our renewable energies. 
You said there was one, quote, "bad calculation," of what conditions would be in post-war Iraq. 
And here I believe that what we need to do is to stimulate this sector of America, the private sector of the business of the economy, in which there is the greatest possibility of expansion. 
So we need to be more specific about how we talk about these issues. 
Every year, Congress and the President sign laws that make us do more and give us less money to do it. 
The money has already been passed to do this. 
Every 12 years can connect to the Internet. 
Joe Biden is responsible for saving the American automotive industry and you voted against it. 
In the end, we went there alone. 
If we don't train engineers to make sure they're equipped here in this country. 
We should help move a million people from social assistance to work and we should create the best education system in the world where every 18-year-old can go to university and where all our young children have great educational opportunities. 
It's not sweet. 
These principles include human rights, human dignity, freedom of enterprise, freedom of expression and elections. 
He is the only president to have a declining family income in three years; the only president to see exports decline; the only president to see the lowest level of business investment in our country as it is today. 
As soon as he became vice president, Burisma — not the best, not the best reputation in the world — I heard they paid him $183,000 a month. 
We have had for many years, it is understandable, a system of restrictions on high technology because the Soviets are behind us. 
This threat - and the presidential leadership necessary to deal with it - imposes a special responsibility on all of you who will decide on 2 November which will be our commander-in-chief. 
It's getting more and more troubling every day. 
And I think we have huge opportunities for trade. 
That's a good thing. 
I didn't ask, sir. 
Mr. Stone, I've had to make thousands of decisions since I was president of the Oval Bureau. 
I don't know if it's gonna work. 
The criminal won't show up and say hey, give me my ID. A map. 
The biggest problem in the world is nuclear weapons, nuclear weapons, not global warming, as you think and your president thinks. 
Now, for people who earn more than $200,000 a year, you're going to see a return to the level we were with Bill Clinton, when people made a lot of money. 
And I said, what can we do about it. 
It's a tax reduction for the family. 
I will take all necessary measures to defend the treaty, Formosa, and the island of Pescadores. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: Well, when it comes to ridicule, George, you win a gold medal. 
I have put in place a platform that, I think, would begin to address some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. 
I think it is also appropriate to stress that, thanks to our tax policies, we have boosted employment throughout the country, the investment tax credit, the tax incentives for expansion and the modernisation of our industrial capacity. 
I do not want to see us again and I use this word wisely a liberal majority who will legislate the House. 
What would you do about that? 
It's a serious matter. 
It's not down. 
(Laughs) PEROT: Okay. 
Al Gore and I are determined to continue this acquisition program, transforming the army. 
GIBSON: And Senator Kerry, 30 seconds. 
The hardest hit are Latinos, Blacks and women. 
WOODRUFF: John Margolis, question from Senator Quayle. 
Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, others, knew how to lead. 
Many lawyers didn't want me to sign a bill at all, but I thought we should do what we could to cut the frivolous trials, but they wouldn't do some of the changes I thought needed to be done. 
You suggest that we abandon the already negotiated SALT II Treaty, and intensify the accumulation of American power to encourage the Soviets to sign a new treaty - one more favourable to us. 
European countries should not have total disorder at their doorstep. 
And John just invented some very interesting figures. 
We are not a parliamentary body, the National Association of Governors. 
This vice-president, while he was Secretary of Defense, cut off more than 80 weapons systems, including those he criticized John Kerry for voting against. 
So, perhaps you can tell us tonight, should we do a lot to help the economy and social development of a country that we have considered so long as an adversary? 
You know, I've been in public life for a long time and no one had ever questioned my role and so I was asked a lot of questions about things that happened a long time ago and I don't think I answered them as well as I could. 
And Barack Obama and I are not measuring progress towards this change based on whether or not we are reducing regulations and how CEOs are doing well, or whether we are still providing $4 billion in tax relief to the world's Exxon Mobils. 
Because nothing he said is accurate. 
The Crime Bill, which put 100,000 policemen on the street, drafted the Violence Against Women Act, which John McCain voted against, was the catalyst to change the situation in Bosnia, led by President Clinton, of course. 
My colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, will tell you that Bob Dole has kept his word. 
Look, it's not that hard to fix social security, Tom. 
We need to trust people to make decisions with their lives. 
They wouldn't be in the budget, but you want one now? 
And my case to the American people is, if you're happy with inactivity, stay with the horse. 
A strong commitment to ensure that social assistance reform is accompanied by incentives for the private sector to move people from social assistance to work. 
But let me say that the American Hospital Association said that the budget that I vetoed could have closed 700 hospitals. 
And I would say that during the evening, he could indicate the areas in which his programs are new, where they will mean more progress than we had then. 
SMITH: The first question that Mr.Fleming asked Senator Kennedy. 
I believe that it is up to the next President of the United States to move this country forward, to move our economy forward, to establish before the American people its objectives, its unfinished business. 
It's very easy. 
Major drug companies support Governor Bush's proposal for prescription drugs. 
More in September than in August. 
And the result is that you were bombarded with ads suggesting that I changed my position on this or that or the other. 
And I think maybe we could look back over our shoulders and figure out if it was good to let all these mentally ill people out. 
I am to do something on the supply and production side and on the consumption side. 
We have asked our commanders on the ground in Iraq to guide us on what they think they need. 
BIDEN: My answers are, he's xenophobic, but not because he's shut down China's access. 
The Commission, these candidates and their campaign staff have accepted the following rules. 
He didn't like her. 
And if this House and this Senate, at the next session, are Democrats or Republicans, if the country voted for the candidate for the presidency and for the proposals it has made, I think you will find that the President, if he were Republican, as was the case in my case, could get his program through this Congress. 
I'm the party. 
With respect to how we spent our career, I obviously made a choice for the public service. 
We need to do much better to keep our job. 
What's wrong with that, what's the other side of it? 
That has to be changed. 
He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me briefly talk about it. 
This commission conducted a study of the safety provisions around the place where the sailors were sleeping and found that there was negligence, that they did not have the appropriate doors, the appropriate precautions to prevent these trucks from entering. 
And that two-minute answer comes back to you, Mr. Trump. 
So, when I was Secretary of State, I pleaded and today defend a no-fly zone and safe areas. 
And so I'm against price control. 
It is a system that requires accountability and transparency and adequate funding. 
Vice-President Gore, if Yugoslav President Milosevic refuses to accept the results of the elections and to leave his office, what steps should the United States take, if any, to get him out of there? 
It was decided that Vice-President Biden would first respond to the opening question. 
I just thought that when I took office, it was time for a realistic discussion with and about the Soviet Union. 
It's 100 trillion. 
Yet President Reagan signed two arms control treaties and promised to share Star Wars technology with the country he once called the evil empire. 
These are just ideas of what I would think if I were in this position and had access to information, and I would know all the options that were open to me. 
And we need to make it stronger. 
Here's the deal. 
We will focus on community policing. 
BIDEN: Under this president, we become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided and more violent. 
It does not even pay 10 per cent of the proposed increase in deficit spending. 
Are you concerned that the increase in debt could be disastrous for the country. 
And I wish they had time to let me explain. 
What should we do? 
He was right, but he put in place twice the deficits for each of his four years. 
You have a $265 billion tax increase. 
But that's not enough. 
And I saved him again several months ago when the oil collapsed because of the pandemic. 
And I was proud of their support and appreciation for my service to veterans. 
He also made it very clear that he would never give any country the right to veto the security of the United States of America. 
I will be the moderator of this debate, which is sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
On Friday, we learned that the unemployment rate had fallen to 7.9% in September, but employment growth had slowed, and that was before the last round of layoffs and abandonments in the air industry, in Disney and elsewhere. 
I hate to interrupt you, but at some point... 
A brilliant proposal to get rid of everyone. 
But we can't be all things for everyone in the world, Jim. 
There has been a dramatic increase in homicides in America this summer in particular, and you often blame mayors and democratic governors. 
It will make the economy much safer. 
It's too easy for someone in the majority of the population to say oh, we're all the same, without an understanding of the different life experience you've had, that others have had. 
You just asked a very thoughtful question about Aleppo's disaster. 
Is this a priority you think you have been ignored by this administration, or are the Pentagon officials doing too much? 
I'm proud of her. 
And so that we can make sure that they have this opportunity and that they can walk through that door, it's vital, not just for these children. 
The President was deeply concerned about this. 
And we now have the opportunity to improve transport systems and loading facilities in our ports, to see a very good opportunity in a global international market, to replace OPEC oil with American coal as a source of basic energy. 
And I don't hit him. 
More soldiers killed in June than before. 
It's their way to the sea. 
We have a good housing program, uh - which uh - will result in down payment of 50% and uh - having mortgage payments uh lower at the beginning of any mortgage loan period. 
You can be on well-being. 
The question is values; the question is strength; the question is your willingness to provide the kind of leadership that needs to be provided. 
And we need to do much better to encourage companies to build new businesses or grow, because they don't. 
And -- and attacking me is not a program. 
Miss Ferraro mentioned the inflexibility of our position on strategic weapons. 
And the children get lost in the process. 
And social security has allowed people to retire with dignity and, to a large extent, not to be there. e must keep it solvent. 
He sees the change entering the tank. 
HEARING_MEMBER: (Laughter) BUSH: No, I think you'll see -- SIMPSON: Mr.Perot. 
But, no, we waited for Kofi Annan to try to reach an agreement through the UN that bought the time of Bashar Assad. 
We must win our national strategy against drugs, the fight against drugs. 
We all know that. 
I've supported him ever since. 
Can you think of a single question -- and it's to enlighten the people who are just trying to get to know you in your last debate, your only debate this year -- can you think of a single question, a question of policy, in which you have been forced to change a long-standing view in order to take into account changing circumstances? 
That is why we want an economic package. 
This environmental administration file is very bad. 
And now the Soviet Union seems to be walking on that same path. 
I do not think there is any doubt that, in the future, the cost of oil will rise. 
Thank you for doing this, and the commission, and the governor, it was really a pleasure to meet U.K., people, this is the most important election you've voted in your entire life. 
Can we become a basket of bread from the world instead of the world's arms dealer? 
We need to move our economy forward. 
I want to see peace grow in this country. 
It's happened several times in our history. 
You mean eight years? 
So now I want to hire another 100,000 new mathematics and science professors, and create an additional 2 million slot machines in our community colleges so that people can be trained for the jobs that are there right now. 
BIDEN: No, I will join the Paris Agreement and ensure that China respects what it has agreed to. 
LEHRER: Our questions this evening will be divided on an equal footing between foreign and domestic policy issues. 
Your two minutes are up. 
Maintain confidence with older men and women in this country. 
And sometimes these projects, not -- not the overhead projector that Senator Obama has asked for, but some of them that are really good projects, will also have to be eliminated. 
We're going to have to deal with energy because we can't keep borrowing from the Chinese and sending money to Saudi Arabia. 
In fact, in the last eight years, the number of teenage pregnancies has decreased by 20 per cent. 
And the soldiers who loved him better than before. 
He said I don't know, Joe. 
I'm not going to, because I think the jury is still on the Soviet experience. 
It was strong men and women who made good judgments on behalf of the people of Texas. 
Super Tuesday, you were very lucky. 
Congress has somehow become institutionalized. 
I remember talking on the phone. 
And that's what we look at on our television screens, it's the unveiling of Obama's foreign policy, which makes the (inaudible) more chaotic for us. 
Is that a problem for you? 
Mr. Perot, you have an answer for everything, don't you? 
You can look at me. 
James Lee Witt of FEMA has done a very good job working with governors in times of crisis. 
When businesses go bankrupt, I know them. 
Equal opportunities. 
Thank you so much for doing a great job. 
And therefore, our nation has paid a price. 
My colleagues are Ann Compton of ABC NEWS, Margaret Warner of Newsweek and Andrea Mitchell of NBC NEWS. 
Mr. Vice President, Andrea has a question for you. 
Two men on duty here. 
I think it should stay in a safe, and I'll tell you that. 
If you were to tell us what you're going to do, then the American people could compare my plan for the future with your plan. 
REAGAN: Yes, my rebuttal, once again, is that this invention that has just been created here is the way I would go to the Soviet Union -- no, Mr.Mondale, my idea would be with that defensive weapon that we could sit with them and then say, "Now, are you ready to join us? Here's what we're doing -- give them a demonstration and then say -- "Here's what we can do. Now, if you are ready to join us to get rid of all nuclear weapons in the world, then we will give you this one, so that we both know that no one can cheat; that we both have something only if someone tries to cheat. That's what I said. That's what I said. .''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' 
This means that Governor Romney... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ... talked about Medicaid and how we could send it back to the states, but in fact it means a 30% reduction in the primary program we are helping for seniors who are in nursing homes, for children with disabilities. 
Now, whether it is legitimate, on one question alone, for someone to plead for someone not to be elected or not, I will not take a position on this. 
We have a fundamental difference of opinion. 
It was higher when I went into the office. 
Governor Thompson too, Governor Rowland too. 
The Soviet Union knows what they want to relax, and they got it. 
They are reliable friends in the future. 
The candidate has up to two and a half minutes to answer the question. 
SCHIEFFER: Senator Kerry, would you like to respond? 
We think it was important. 
Everyone is sent here for a reason, because there's something in them that their people love. 
And I was Secretary of State... 
If you want to increase domestic oil and gas production - and we need to do this - you have to give these producers the opportunity to develop their land or wells. 
You know, that's not true either, is it? 
Your targeted tax reduction, Mr. President, never hurts anyone. 
But I think we need to look very carefully at the non-theft lists and the watch lists. 
I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you have cancer, your child has asthma... COOPER: Your time is up. 
And, the last one, who would you ask to be the trustee of your estate and take care of your children if something happened to you? 
It looks good, it doesn't work. 
If we are strong, especially when we are facing a crisis in Berlin - which we can in spring or winter - it is important that we retain our determination here; that we indicate that we are strengthening our forces; that we are determined to protect our position; that we are determined to protect our commitment. 
It will cause a shortage in world markets because there are at least five reputable studies, one by the American Petroleum Institute itself, which, I think, clearly indicate that somewhere towards the end of this decade, total global oil demand will simply exceed the total supply available. 
And the idea that my tax reduction proposal is inflationist: I would like to ask the President why is it inflationist to let people keep more of their money and spend it as they want, and it is not inflationist to let him take that money and spend it as he wants? 
WALLACE: Mr Trump, Secretary Clinton -- no, we have to move on to our last segment, and it is the national debt, which was not discussed until tonight. 
That is why I am a great promoter of clean coal technology, to make sure that we can use coal but in a clean way. 
I have to go on. 
We communicate better. 
And you can go get it, and you can check it out. 
But I introduce myself because I believe that this year the United States has a great opportunity to take a step forward, to make a determination here at home and around the world, that it will recover as a vigorous society. 
But again, you can clarify it by simply repeating that I support a woman's right to choose. 
Saudi Arabia is giving $25 million, Qatar, all these countries. 
But let me also note that, as I said earlier, we will have to do more than just go after the leaders and -- and kill the bad guys, no matter what it is. 
This is not a peaceful demonstration. 
Thank you. 
You have really identified one of the most important challenges facing America. 
First of all, I will not allow anyone to enter our country, which, in my opinion, poses a risk to us. 
And, you know, I was raised by a single mother who had to go to school looking after two children. 
But to put an end to this madness of arms, we must move forward with difficult negotiations that are verifiable so that we know that the Soviets agree and that they live up to their agreement. 
The president just ordered more troops on the ground. 
Hon.GIBSON: I want to extend it by one minute, senator. 
I see how hard this land is. 
That's what I believe deeply. 
What I can promise you is that I will make the rules of the game as fair as possible, that I will ensure, for example, that with regard to the tax system, you as a worker in America do not subsidize the loss of your job. 
Let me say a word about Al Gore. 
GORE: You know, in answer to my question before this long list of laundry, he said they had their own proposal for family leave. 
But if you want change, you need to find someone who knows how to bring Republicans and Democrats together to do positive things for America. 
I'd like to say something to the young people. 
When I look at the news, all I see is two candidates from opposing parties trying to kill each other. 
The United States is pursuing a new series of nuclear weapons. 
But it will not be possible to do so, if its tax system passes because even its own campaign co-chair, Senator D'Amato, says that it will have to cut Medicare even more than it has been reduced in the bill that I vetoed. 
And I defend programs that will mean growth and progress. 
- Yeah, that's right. 
In the past, these minority groups have often been excluded from participation in government affairs. 
We have seen an administration that has lost much of our market abroad, because it has not had a trade policy. 
OBAMA: When you were asked about reduced class sizes, you said that class sizes don't make a difference. 
How do you reconcile this with the voters? 
And this institution, the House of Representatives -- everyone shouts "Clean House!" 
If the question is who is best able to make good decisions about how we use our military, how we make sure that we are ready and ready for the next conflict, I think we can look at our judgment. 
And that was 800. 
I know a lot more about this- [crosstalk]. 
You know, Mr Bush was very grateful when I was among the Democrats who said that he should have the power to negotiate an agreement with Mexico. 
You said about Senator McCain's military policies, Senator Biden, that you supported many of these things. 
Now you -- twice, sorry. 
And let me say that. 
Under my plan, if a school fails, we are working with states to give them the authority and resources to close this school and reopen it immediately with a new director, a new faculty, a team of specialists who know what they're doing. 
And that's not the case. 
And the $650's not even on it. 
And now, the Trump Pence Administration wants to take credit when they ran when they put up Joe Biden's hairstyles, the success for the economy they had at the beginning of their term. 
We have eliminated two hundred and seventy-eight. 
Because in this critical year of the 1960s, we must move forward, all Americans must move forward together, and we must get the greatest possible cooperation between work and management. 
I think we need to put Medicare and social security in a safe. 
And that would also be very worrying for our allies, all of whom support this nuclear arms treaty. 
They say no. 
Real interest rates -- the real cost of interest -- will remain very, very high, and many economists predict that we are entering a very slow period of growth because the economy is declining and could be a recession. 
Our schools are now better. 
Everyone believes it. 
Follow-up. 
LEHRER: Ninety second answer, senator. 
CLINTON: It happens to me — I support it in a way that will help us. 
And he wants to put new rules on everything. 
PAGE: Senator Harris, may I ask you the same question that I asked Vice-President Pence, whether you had a conversation or reached an agreement with Vice-President Biden on guarantees or procedures for presidential disability? 
I've been a constant cruiser in this direction. 
We would never have done it if we had gone for the crowd of nuclear freezes; we would never have done it if we had listened to those who wanted to reduce defence spending. 
He put $139 billion in exceptional profits in the pockets of drug companies in your pockets. 
TRUMP: I would say almost everything I see comes from the left wing and not from the right wing. 
I would like the President to say: Yes, the CBO is right. 
Instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, establishing the plans we have that we think we can make a better life and a better country, it is his choice. 
This certainly deterred the Soviet Union for a long time when we made this promise - we made it - to our allies. 
And I think I have a good plan to help solve these problems at home. 
It's a matter of strength. 
BIDEN: Well, if you'll allow me to finish the statement, because it has to be replaced by renewable energy over time. 
We fought with Saddam about the inspectors. 
But the vice president doesn't stop suggesting that there are. 
CLINTON: Because Roe v. Wade makes it very clear that there may be regulations on abortion as long as the life and health of the mother are taken into account. 
What did the president say? 
Wait. 
They're gone. 
It was Libya, a country we knew had Al-Qaida cells, as we know that Al-Qaida and its affiliates are on the rise in North Africa. 
They're fanatical men. 
So it seems to me that there is also public confidence. 
It's closer to a bomb. 
He denigrates a covenant to say that we are going alone, to reduce their sacrifices. 
Tomorrow, Afghanistan will vote for a president. 
BIDEN: I talked about his xenophobia in a different context. 
Again, you are very selective, Mr President. 
Let's go to the center of the bull's eye, the main problem. 
We must also bear in mind something else about this whole situation in the world, and that is that as America moves forward, we must not only think in terms of fighting communism, but also think in terms of the interests of those countries. 
The Rockefeller Brothers report, General Ridgway, General Gavin, the Gaither report, various reports of Congressional committees all indicate that the relative strength of the United States, militarily, politically, psychologically and scientifically and industrially - the relative strength of the United States relative to that of the Soviet Union and the Chinese Communists together - has deteriorated over the last eight years and we should know that, and the American people should be informed of the facts. 
And how do we get them through? 
It hurts communities because they are our first responders. 
I listened to both sides, and if they talked instead of throwing stones, I think we could do a lot. 
I was a child of the altar. 
Isn't the Democratic Party in line with the majority of Americans? 
Is the deficit no longer really a concern for you, the Republican Party or the taxpayers? 
Issues of medical responsibility are a problem, a major problem. 
And we both want to cut taxes, the difference is who we want to cut taxes. 
SMITH: Mr Vanocur's question for Vice-President Nixon. 
But I can guarantee that it will not come if Gerald Ford is re-elected and this current policy is pursued; it will come if I am elected. 
Okay, now I can weigh in. 
I'm a job-creator, not a job-destructor. 
I thought it would be better for the country than it was. 
I'll tell you exactly what I think I can do. 
Her client she was representing sent her down, and she saw her laughing twice, making fun of the girl who was raped. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain, briefly. 
And so I think it's a problem. 
This is a question that divides America, but certainly reasonable people can agree on how to reduce abortions in America. 
The Honourable SHADEL: Senator, your comment. 
We've been drifting for too long. 
And I'm telling Barbara, you know, we've always kept the family like an oasis for us. 
This president turned his back on America's well-being. 
For 25 years, I've been supporting clean coal technology. 
Because you see, Joe understands that the west coast of our country is burning, including my state of California. 
It is also important to maintain strong links in the Middle East, credible links, because of the energy crisis in which we are now. 
And what Mike Dukakis said is that he will try to break the regulatory dams that you have in the regulator that denies much of the passage of this natural gas to the northeast, one way, in turn, can fight acid rain that is another threat, because it sterilizes our lakes, it kills our fish. 
(Applause) WOODRUFF: Your Leader in the Senate, Bob Dole, said that a better qualified person could have been chosen. 
The question is for you, Vice President Gore, and Lisa Kee is going to ask her. 
They left 128 openings, and if I was a member of his party, because they have a somewhat different philosophy, I would say, if you left us 128 openings, you can't be a good president. 
In this case, in the event of a financial crisis, I would gather all the facts before making the decision on what the government should or should not do. 
But at some point, we want to do it too. 
M. Reynolds. 
How can this happen? 
No, there's no difference on that. 
Now, just let me share something. 
And I cannot — I cannot be aware of this — about a party that supports this. 
The quote was, "I don't think she looks presidential." 
No one could. 
The government must be well managed, efficient, economic, we must have a government responsive to the needs of our people - to those who are poor, who do not have adequate health care, who have been deceived too long with our tax programs, who have been unemployed, whose families have been torn apart. 
I saw a military high school. 
I think he insulted the intelligence of the American people and I am very proud that the American people rejected this tactic so massively that they decided that they had made a mistake. 
It's work. 
Secretary Albright met in Paris with Prime Minister Barak and President Arafat. 
It has already weighed and helped stabilize some of the difficulties in the markets and with companies and companies, institutions today. 
What I called, I marked the affirmative access. 
These are our troops. 
He voted to increase taxes 98 times and to break the budget 277 times. 
And many other things... 
We took the eye off the ball. 
Right now, I'm the Democratic Party. 
I volunteered for the army. 
He said, "The masks are good." 
I do not intend to spend a minute of a day thinking about re-election. 
We are in favour of programs that will expand educational opportunities, that will give all Americans equal opportunities for education, for all things that are necessary and dear to the heart of our people. 
Look what happened to him. 
Good evening at the Clark Athletic Center at Massachusetts University in Boston. 
PENCE: ... keep this salary to play the process out of the reach of the public. 
PENCE: ... by Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. 
We want to be accountable. 
Governor Pence? 
Yes. 
Unfortunately, they left the money for No Child Left Behind. 
And those pessimists who say it can't be done, I'm sorry, I just have a fundamental disagreement with them SHAW: Gov. 
We opened a great opportunity in 972, which was quite well fried - fried- fried under Mr Ford, which should be a constant uh - inclination to - uh - friendship. 
He wants to put all our eggs in one basket and give this basket to the big oil companies. 
Direct exchanges between candidates and moderator follow-ups are permitted when each candidate has two minutes to answer the main question in an order determined by a set of coins. 
It's a bad idea to increase the burden on these people. 
U-2 flights were appropriate from the point of view of protecting our safety. 
You know... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: You asked for stimulation money, didn't you? 
I don't think we want to know how he's gonna pay for all these promises. 
Trump International is ahead of budget and schedule. 
We can correct our difficult mistakes and answer these very difficult questions. 
When I was a kid, it took two generations to double the standard of living. 
We've been asleep too long. 
And when Senator McCain says that he wants to provide health care for children, what he does not mention is that he voted against the expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program, which is responsible for ensuring that so many children who do not have health insurance now have it. 
But if you take it as a percentage, then you find that it's fair and fair overall. 
I believe that there are certain principles that we need to find by dealing with him and his colleagues - principles, if followed, that will maintain peace and that can also extend freedom. 
I want my compatriots to hear it again. 
He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he doesn't have a plan. 
I think the most important (Applause) BUSH: Can we start the clock again? 
First, most of the good governance lies at the state level. 
I'm making a commitment because I know that Americans want to talk about topics, not tabloid journalism. 
Here... BIDEN: Can you guarantee that no one will make less than $100,000 will have a mortgage -- their mortgage deduction impacted? 
And I wondered what it would be for someone -- wondering if anyone in 100 years would drive this road, and if they would see the same thing. 
If I think it's in our country's strategic interest, I'll hire troops. 
Now I think I have to let Senator Dole speak for himself. 
This is an example of unfair burden-sharing. 
Hon. DELGADO: Senator Dole, Oscar Delgado. 
NAFTA is perhaps the worst trade agreement ever signed, but certainly never signed in that country. 
It's the big thing about America, it's the right to worship as you think. 
There's an audience here tonight, but they agreed to remain silent, except for now, when they join me in welcoming President George Bush and Senator John Kerry. 
The billionaires made another $300 billion due to his prodigious tax proposal, and he focused only on the market. 
And what you're doing is you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. 
The President and I are in favour of an amendment on human rights. 
That's the law, over Senator Dole's opposition, and 20,000 of them are already on the street, 2,000 of them have already been funded for here in Florida. 
John McCain is known to do this, too, to do the work for the American people. 
It is your family; it is your business, and in this case it is a firmer policy with Cuba. 
Maybe we can fix this. 
There should be no tests in the atmosphere, which excludes any fall. 
I am studying history, like Senator Kennedy, and I have seen that, in the history of this country, we have had many great presidents. Some of them were Democrats and some were Republicans. 
Earlier, we heard about the automotive industry and the wood industry. 
I was on file in western Texas, and I got a call from her, come home; went to the doctor; the doctor said, beautiful child, your child has a few weeks to live. 
Today, we have a draft in the background in America: people with stop-loss programs where they are told they cannot get out of the army; nine of our 10 active service divisions engaged in Iraq in one way or another, go, come or prepare. 
Joe Biden – Joe Biden would ask Russia to report any threats to the security of our nation or to our troops who sacrifice their lives for the sake of our democracy and security. 
He was wrong about Russia when they committed an aggression against Georgia. 
GROWTH: I have to -- I have to move you -- ROMNEY: He gets the first -- CROWLEY: -- and the next question -- ROMNEY: He actually got -- CROWLEY: -- for you -- ROMNEY: He actually got the first question. 
It's not gonna happen on its own. 
But let me say more generally that the important difference here on this issue is that Al Gore and I respect and protect the right of women to choose. 
He got a postponement or he didn't. 
The Bush proposal, on the other hand, will cost us tens of billions and will always leave the Americans uninsured. 
Mr. Kennedy, representing Adam Clayton Powell, as part of his speaking tour on your behalf, said, and I quote: "The Ku Klux Klan is still part of this campaign. If it does not stop, all fanatics will vote for Nixon and all well-thought-out Christians and Jews will vote for Kennedy rather than be found in the ranks of the Klan spirit." 
I thought the administration was at the negotiating table in Geneva, suggesting that we ban mobile missile systems entirely. 
When John F. Kennedy cut tax rates, the economy increased, unemployment decreased and we balanced the budget, and incomes increased. 
And here we would give legal power to the Committee on Public Procurement, which is an effective means of achieving real progress in this area, since almost one in four jobs is occupied by people who have and are awarded government contracts. 
In Northern Ireland, in the Middle East, we are better off than we were four years ago. 
And here's what I'd like to say to everyone: vote. 
We have a record number of new small businesses. 
Period. 
The first thing I'm going to do is ask the Secretary of Defence to develop a plan so that we don't spend our money on political projects, but to make sure our soldiers are well paid, well housed and have the best equipment in the world. 
And here's the simple difference. 
An increase of 1 per cent in interest rates in the sense that $2.8 trillion is $28 billion per year. 
If you can't get your act together to take it one day when a Panamanian major kidnapped him and a team of special forces is 400 meters away and it's a walk through the park to get it, and if you can't get your act together, at least take the Panamanian major, that they then killed, climb to the plate and admit it was a mistake. 
And the American workforce is the most important in this world, with the ingenuity and ethics of work that has just been anchored in our workforce. 
You surprised me. 
What happens if it falls? 
We need more chairs, we need a bigger table, we need a bigger banquet. 
That's the kind of exaggeration I was talking about. 
But if you have a situation like this in our garden with chaos about to break and fleets forming to go through the water, and all kinds of violence there, in one of our neighbouring countries there, then I think we did the right thing there. 
Now, when you talk about social security, the people who are going to protect it are the Democrats who launched this program. 
I am much more optimistic about this country than some. 
RADDATZ: We have — we have another question, Mrs Clinton. 
Could you describe your urban intentions tonight? 
The fact is, he's lying flat. 
This will evaporate the six-party talks. 
Our commanders have the flexibility to succeed. 
I don't know. 
You have tried to raise taxes here in Virginia and have been a trillion dollars in tax increases, more regulation, more of the same war against coal, and more Obamacare than even now former President Bill Clinton calls Obamacare a crazy plan. 
What he was doing was learning math on television. 
It was the most complete documentation by any president of any agreement signed by a president on behalf of the United States. 
In fact, in constant dollars, on the inside side of the budget, there has been no increase in spending in the four years we spent here. 
Governor Reagan makes very misleading and disturbing statements. 
She chose to speak last. 
Four Democrats voted in favour. 
This evening's questions will be asked by voters in the St. Louis area who have been identified as unengaged by the Gallup organization. 
I've been working on these things for 12 years and I'm the only person here who hasn't been in Washington in any way for 20 years. 
Mr. KAINE: No, he said leader. 
But to fulfill our role in the world, America must be strong. 
We cannot afford to lose against al-Qaeda and the Shiite extremists who are still there, who are still fighting us, but we are getting closer and closer to victory. 
Four years ago, I was on a scene like this. 
Mr. Moyers, I'm not here to discuss Governor Reagan's case as governor. 
I was born and raised on the Mexican border. 
Do you think it would have felt good? 
CLINTON: Well, first of all, for the past four years, we have been working to put more and more pressure on the Castro government to increase openness and progress towards democracy. 
Go ahead, sir. 
We must be ready to make good judgments. 
We heard the same thing. 
$716 billion saved us the Medicare program by not paying insurance companies too much by making sure we don't pay suppliers too much. 
And I don't think she has endurance. 
But let's look at him. 
Gentlemen, at this very moment tonight, where are you on the financial recovery plan? 
We have allocated $7 billion over the coming months for reconstruction efforts. 
I'll have millions of people on my shoulder, shoulder to shoulder with me, and we'll see it's done at work speed -- because it's wrong. 
We simply cannot continue with this philosophy of giving huge tax cuts to the very rich, by increasing taxes on middle-income families like Bush and Quayle did and waiting for it to work. 
I don't think they're doing it, enough. 
(Applause) BUSH: It must be clearer. 
(CROISSANCE) 
There may be opportunities where it is appropriate to use them in a peacekeeping role, but I think the role should be limited, there should be a time limit. 
In so many families, women are an important livelihood or the only livelihood. 
It was bad for the country and calling it conservative won't help. 
Do you think that more troops -- more U.S. troops should be sent to Afghanistan, how many and when? 
Tens of thousands of black men, mostly, in prison. 
I said one day, and Pat Moynihan, a democrat, said no, he said, in world history. 
I address him all night as Mr. President. 
I have a history of involvement in these national security issues, which involve the highest responsibility and the most difficult decisions any president can make, that is, to send our young men and women on the path of evil. 
MONDALE Closing Statements: I would like to thank the Women's Voting League, the good citizens of Kansas City and President Reagan for agreeing to debate this evening. 
And we'll look for strategies such as adjusting the salary tax ceiling upwards to do what Hillary and I won't do. 
Muslims have to report problems when they see Mr. D., you know, there's always a reason for everything. 
Khrushchev ha - uh - had a flight over the United States while he was visiting here. 
I will veto anything that takes money from social security or health insurance for anything other than social security or health insurance. 
We cut him in half. 
When you talk to these bankers, did they discuss interest rates when your party controlled the White House? 
Absolutely true. 
People learn to die with it. 
In other words, it is a violation of the rule, that is what I meant, Mr Perot. 
And then, of course, in terms of defending our principles, when - when the students went to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, the green revolution happened, so the president would shut up, I thought it was a huge mistake. 
I am totally opposed to diverting one dollar out of six from the Social Security Trust Fund, as proposed by the Governor, into the stock market. 
We must therefore address systemic racism in our criminal justice system. 
DUKAKIS: I think we should look at modernization, I think we should explore cheaper ways to get it on earth, and we should ensure that we have an effective, strong and credible nuclear deterrent. 
I am in favour of testing as a means of measuring performance. 
Perhaps I should begin by returning to the beginning of the country and to the Declaration of Independence, which states from the outset that we are all created equal and that we are endowed not by a group of politicians or philosophers, but by our Creator, with these inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
I just described the coalition. 
This resettling led to the invasion of Ukraine, after they infiltrated with so-called small green men, Russian soldiers dressed like Ukrainian dissidents, then moved to Crimea, took over the Crimean peninsula. 
It's okay. 
That's why he called it a serious threat. 
You do not help other nations when you turn away from the global warming treaty, for example, or when you refuse to deal at length with the United Nations. 
It's a phenomenal statistic. 
Young people are their immune system. 
If I'm president, I'll create -- help create 12 million new jobs in this country with rising incomes. 
No, you said so. 
You're saying you didn't agree? 
But I have to say that I'm a little offended by the word "scheme." 
I support the death penalty. 
When they see us put - when they see us shed light between ourselves and our allies in Israel, it gives them encouragement. 
On health care, and then we'll go back to Roe V. Wade. 
(Laughter) SIMPSON: And finally, last but not least -- Governor Clinton. 
I think you were talking about the "Money" magazine interview, and the publisher of the "Money" magazine just sent Mr. Kemp a letter two days ago asking him to stop quoting the "Money" magazine incorrectly. 
I mean, if I can, just for a moment, tell you a personal story. 
He calls for a mutual reduction of these weapons, as I say, that neither of us can pose a threat to each other. 
I propose that we class our schools so that parents know which schools succeed and fail, so that they can take their child to a school that he is more successful. 
Thus, it will be them who will pay higher taxes, which will result in the creation of fewer jobs and fewer y. w you have recently said that higher taxes or demanding higher taxes or paying higher taxes are patriotic. 
It's the politics of the past. 
Make sure everyone has an equal chance. 
And they wanted more security there. 
Now we have proposed amendments in many highly specialized causes, such as arms control, school bus, balanced budgets, school prayer, abortion, things like that. 
I'm worried about federalizing education if I were you. 
The culture of life is really important to a country if it is a hospital society. 
Governor Romney, your two-minute shutdown. 
So, governor, how would these millions of undocumented immigrants leave? 
In January 1975, I submitted to Congress and the American people the first comprehensive energy programme recommended by any president. 
Senator Harris, you will be here as a member of the committee. 
But because Tommy Franks did such a great job in planning operations, we moved quickly, and many of Saddam's Baathists and Loyalists laid down their weapons and disappeared. 
This week's report, which has been referenced, indicates that your company has a bank account in China. 
That's what we did in Haiti. 
And it's not just about women. 
We absolutely must be. 
But I will also have a better plan of how we will deal with Iraq: to train Iraqi forces faster, to bring our allies back to the table with a new start, with a new credibility, with a president whose judgment the rest of the world trusts. 
As I mentioned earlier, we agreed on a limitation of 24 hundred ballistic missile launchers. 
I then spoke to Sean Hannity, whom everyone refuses to call Sean Hannity. 
If you don't have health insurance, then what we're going to do is give you the opportunity to buy in the same kind of federal pool that Senator McCain and I both love as federal employees, which will give you high quality care, a choice of doctors, at a lower cost, because so many people are in this insured group. 
And we've all waited for something to be done when it looks responsible. 
For me, that's not the strategy people expect from America. 
This is ridiculous. 
It's not gonna end well. 
No, that's not fair. 
A vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States came upon us and the president introduced Judge Amy Coney Barrett - 
But the best way to protect our citizens from firearms is to prosecute those who commit crimes with firearms. 
If you have a pre-existing disease, heart disease, diabetes, breast cancer, they come for you. 
But it also means doing it in the right way. 
2 billions. 
200 000 morts. 
Bill Clinton has created high-wage manufacturing jobs at 10 times the national average and, in fact, according to statistics from the Bush-Quayle Labour Department, for the past two years in a role of Bill Clinton's state has been number one among the 50 in creating jobs in the private sector. 
It's a school full of so-called at-risk children. 
I would like to ask you questions, Vice-President Biden, about China. 
That's the right thing. 
Uh - so that any tax relief is really felt by middle- and lower-income people CARTER: Yes. 
You look at the Middle East, it's a total mess. 
Good evening, Mr. Kennedy. 
It must have options for defaulting business loans, rather than the government that supports these loans. 
I'm fighting for very strong anti-crime legislation -- habeas corpus reform, so you don't have these endless calls, so when someone gets convicted, hey, it's for real. 
It's the biggest kiss I've ever seen at New York banks. 
That's what brings jobs. 
Health insurance premiums are up 17 per cent. 
I have been responsible for this government rationalization project, which has reduced the size of the government by more than 300,000 people in recent years. 
As you know, the cost of education has increased enormously. 
I supported chip V so that parents could control what their children watch on television when they are young, as well as rating systems for educational television and television. 
And because of the slowdown in the economy, I think we can also expect less tax revenue, so there is no doubt that as President, I will have to make a difficult decision. 
You call this a distraction by the President. 
I think I just heard Mrs Ferraro say that she would make all secret actions disappear, and if so, it has very serious ramifications, as the intelligence community knows. 
First of all, I like the way we did it in Massachusetts. 
Last year, of course, it was 1958. 
I have supported or voted for tax reductions more than 600 times. 
And in his short career, he doesn't understand our national security challenges. 
This will change the day Donald Trump becomes president of the United States. 
But we really feel that you should live fully and enthusiastically the commandments of your faith. 
By the way, our suburbs would've gone. 
They said, let us win. 
I believe in his future. 
A neighborhood like most of you grew up. 
CLINTON: ... 
So, you know, she shouldn't talk about it. 
There is no such proposal. 
QUAYLE: -- Public or private schools? 
Secondly, we need an active exploration program in America. 
To help enlist. We had an aid - 46% of those who enlisted in the voluntary army until 1977 said they did it for a particular reason, the G.I. The Bill of Rights - the fact that by serving in the army, they could provide for future college education. 
Small businesses are starting to grow and jobs are being added. 
With all due respect, sir, you set up a program... ROMNEY: Well, that's probably true. 
So, if you want to drill on public land, you use it or you lose it. 
I think I paid too much. 
But let us now be compared with Trump and the Trump Foundation. 
He was totally irresponsible of how he managed social distancing and people wearing masks, basically encouraged them not to do so. 
Each percent increase in interest rates, a billion dollars in the farmer's pocket. 
My mind was full of what I was going to put in this letter about the problems and questions that confront us today and what we did about them. 
Because the question you're asking is important. 
And we must have a president who can reach through the aisle and model important laws with the contribution of both parties. 
But I think it was a terrible thing to say. 
He just lost his left. 
It's a big difference, according to experts. 
You have two minutes to answer, without interruption. 
A president may be a decent man, the next might not be. 
And I think we're both very lucky. 
If China has a GDP of 7 percent, it's like a national disaster. 
We can tackle systemic racism. 
MASHEK: Despite the historical aspects of your application, how do you explain the fact that a majority of women - at least according to the polls - favour the Reagan-Bush ticket on the Mondale-Ferraro ticket? 
CLINTON: I think there are a number of issues that we should address. 
We are on the side of justice against the forces of slavery, against the forces of injustice. 
Instead of high unemployment, we have the lowest rates of African-American and Latin American unemployment in history and 22 million new jobs. 
There are indications, because of new inventions, that ten, fifteen, or twenty nations will have nuclear capability, including Red China, by the end of the presidency in 1964. 
And I am not assailing him on this issue, or others on this issue. 
All right, that brings us to closing statements. 
And it's an image of strength -- except that if he had had his way when the Nimitz was planned, he would have been deep in the water there because there would have been no Nimitz on which to stand -- he was against. 
Of course they all want to do that. 
When you file a ballot and fill it out, you are supposed to have an affidavit. 
They're gonna have to make the decision themselves. 
And this plan is to make sure that people at the top play by a different set of rules. 
There are now many groups that do not support this prayer at school, many religious groups. 
He sued Mr. and Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died in the service of our country, a Gold Star family, because of their religion. 
We're talking about schools. 
You know, your campaign manager said you built a lot of companies on the backs of little guys. 
And it appeared to me, as I came to this debate tonight, that we all share something. 
And it made hurricanes wetter, slower and more damaging? 
I think you need to be able to reach out and work together and build coalitions. 
TRUMP: We have the slowest growth since 1929. 
And with the help of a few lights, I will help candidates meet these deadlines. 
In addition, we need to develop our research and development. 
But, also, I have the ability, the knowledge, and the background to make the right judgments, to keep this country safe. 
Our rate of uninsured, the percentage of uninsured in Texas has decreased, while the percentage of uninsured in America has increased. 
What Governor Romney said is not true. 
So, under the circumstances, what do we do? 
Let me finish. 
Both parties have foreign lobbyists on the sheets in key roles in their campaigns. 
Fortunately, he ended up not being as deadly as the coronavirus. 
Because here you voted for the war and now you oppose the war. 
And she looked at me from her hospital bed and she looked at me and she said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity. 
Ensure that CEOs will not be enriched by this process. 
Let us look at it as noted by the National Taxpayer Union and Citizens against the waste of government and other surveillance organizations. 
And I think that is one of the reasons why we need new leadership in the White House that can make progress now in building peace in the Middle East. 
The governor says he's not going to allow the top 5 percent, think that's what he said, to have a tax cut, that everything is going to come out, that he wants to do is give that tax cut to the middle class. 
Mr. Maynard, your question for Governor Carter. 
I don't think we should reward illegal behavior. 
The members of Congress, Arthur Vandenberg, Walter George, were part of the process, and before our nation reached a secret agreement, or before we made a bluffing statement, we were sure that we had the support not only of the President and Secretary of State, but also of Congress and the people. 
I've spent my whole adult life very close to the army. 
GORE: Mr Lehrer, our balanced budget plan extends the Health Insurance Trust Fund to ten years. 
If it is an opposition to expenditure and allocation, if it is the question of torture, if it is the conduct of the war in Iraq, which I have strongly opposed. 
I think we should use all the means necessary to eliminate people who pose a threat to us and our friends around the world. 
QUAYLE: -- When we talk about families here, because I met former gang members in Phoenix and Los Angeles and Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
And while he has been hijacked, with 9 out of 10 active divisions of our army, either going to Iraq, returning from Iraq, or preparing to leave, North Korea has obtained nuclear weapons and the world is more dangerous. 
You want to change 100% of public education with 6% of the money, is that possible? 
The president said that we would now be an unemployment of 5.4 per cent. 
I have a lot of parents and they're good, medium class, middle class, American workers. 
But the Russians, I think we can deal with them, but they must understand that they are facing a very firm and determined United States of America that will defend our interests and those of other countries in the world. 
It's social engineering. 
I'll put it on. 
You'll remember Pennsylvania? 
Here's what people should look at when they look at an official. 
The chairmen of the committee draft this law. 
And he is also right that often lobbyists and special interests are those who make such requests, although that was not the case with me. 
And what we are seeing right now is, in my opinion, a downward government approach, which has the government that thinks it can do a better job than free people pursuing their dreams. 
And so, the plan that I proposed - and contrary to John's words, my plan is a three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-, three----year, three-year, three------------year, three-year, three-year, three--year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three-year, three--year, three-year, three-year, three------year, three----year, three-year, three--year, three-- 
One of them happened the other day, when a man I admire and respect -- I wrote about him -- MP John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with the worst chapter of American history, segregation, the death of children in the church bombings, George Wallace. 
In the meantime, Ben Laden is still here. 
We are four years closer to a nuclear Iran. 
You will actually do a better job, I think, of conveying the moral responsibility that is expressed in your question. 
And I think you can use the White House as a chair to highlight the importance of these little children, especially in their young people and their years of formation, to shape these precious small pieces of clay so that they too can live rich, full life when they are cultivated. 
They did. 
They separated from their parents. 
I hit the driveway. 
And a Republican FBI director made an investigation and concluded that... 
I'm worried. 
The questions are, how would you fill the combat forces under strength with number and quality, without restarting conscription? 
Five million Americans have lost their health care; 620,000 Missourians have no health care at all; 96,000 Missourians have lost their health care under the Bush presidency. 
BUSH: I agree that our army is the strongest in the world today, that's not the question. 
I want to take a dollar by which we reduce defence and reinvest in technologies for the 21st century - in new transport, in communications, in environmental clean-up technologies. 
He sits behind the Resolute Desk and sends his ballot paper to Florida. 
We're gonna get rid of -- by the way, they're outsource jobs. 
Over the past week, Johns Hopkins reported that 39 states had more cases of VOCID in the last seven days than in the previous week. 
Governor Clinton, you have a minute. 
I don't have any, and I didn't take a cent of foreign money, and I never will. 
HOLT: ...to achieve prosperity... TRUMP: No, no, you tell the enemy everything you want to do. 
As far as bridges are concerned, I want a bridge to the future. 
She confronts or challenges the traditional notion of marriage as being limited to a heterosexual couple, which I support. 
John Kerry and I don't. 
I know what it's like to count on others for their support, courage and love in difficult times. 
Secondly, with regard to arms and arms control, nuclear weapons require a nuclear-weapon-control regime. 
I didn't hear anything wrong. 
TRUMP: ... so that we can take care of people without the necessary funds to take care of themselves. 
We can work with them, we can work with them, if they are willing to be responsible. 
You're talking about Hunter, you're talking about Hunter. 
Why didn't you... 
Risk your troops in a war you called an error. 
And you know that, governor. 
First, let me try to correct the file on the issue of Quemoy and Matsu. 
And I believe, for example, that there is a right to privacy in the fourth amendment. 
Starting with you. 
Someone who would come to me if someone came with a crazy idea that we should trade weapons at Ayatollah for hostages and say, "Mr." President, that's not true. 
And that's where there was a great generation of despair, and poor health, and lack of education, lack of determination, and lack of hope for the future. 
I see a man who has taken the lead in the Job Training Partnership Act and reformulates people in this very competitive changing society in which we are, so if a person loses his hob, he is reformed for a profit-for a job that will be productive and he will not have to pursue one of those many programs that the Liberal talks about. 
It doesn't make me popular with environmentalists. 
If you look at what he wants to do, you know, if you look at his plan, his environmental plan, you know who made it? 
We have a program called Race to the Top that has led to reforms in 46 states across the country, increasing standards, improving the way we train teachers. 
Wouldn't it make much more sense if the government let them keep their own money there first? 
I think we should go back to Geneva, which has never been elected President, Mr Nixon or myself, and try again. 
Number two, there are 20 million people who get care thanks to Obamacare now that he wants to take it away. 
OBAMA: ... and reduce our violence. 
Now, remember, we went to Afghanistan, which, by the way, was the right thing to do. 
But we believe in what they call the GCC, the state of the Gulf Cooperative Council, the moderate Arab states in this world, and by helping them with defensive weapons to guard against international terror or radical Islam perpetuated by Khomeini. 
Would you say it's a fundamental difference? 
So the polls for me are interesting, but they don't determine, you know, my hopes or -- or my despair. 
And they prove today, every state, that they can manage them properly. 
- No, not at all. 
I didn't pay the penalties. 
And we've been effective. 
He pushed them away. 
That answer almost made me want to scold. 
You don't know his point of view on Roe V. Wade? 
Please. 
Now, if you're a Red Sox fan, it's okay. 
Now you have to stop letting these people tell you who to vote for, you have to stop letting these people in the press tell you that you throw your vote away -- you have to start using your own head. 
And, in fact, we just found out that AIG, a company that got a rescue, just a week after they got help, made a $400,000 junker. 
They always go through the passes. 
The islands that Mr. 
Good evening. 
BROKAW: Senator Obama, we have another question on the Internet. 
This situation has asked me to first put the United States on a steady path and to keep our keel well balanced, because we have had to deal with the difficult problems that have suddenly struck America. 
It's an America, a nation. 
And in addition to that, they have another tax reduction to come that is $5 trillion that all the studies indicate will actually give 250 million more -- yeah, $250,000 a year to these 120,000 families and increase taxes for people who are middle-income with a child of $2,000 a year. 
We need a president who will lead on this issue, who has had experience on this issue. 
And we communicated with young people and their families and were able to help them by starting drug education and prevention in the early years of primary education. 
So we have a long way to go in our intelligence services. 
It's going to keep us moving. 
DUKAKIS: I think the American people have the right to judge us on this issue, on how we chose a race companion, a person who is a heartbeat away from the presidency. 
President, two minutes. 
He's been here for 20 years. 
And for those of you who work, thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
In December 1975, he vetoed the draft tax reduction bill of approximately $18 billion to $20 billion that had been passed by Congress, then returned later in January of this year and advocated a tax reduction of $10 billion, but it would be offset by an increase of $6 billion in deductions for social security benefits and unemployment benefits in January of this year. 
Yeah, I could. 
It's a five-point plan. 
That is why we are focusing on an economic policy that has already created ten and a half million new jobs and that will create millions more in the context, once again, of a balanced budget that protects important programmes. 
They're going to move her forward faster, and they're going to move her forward more surely than in her program. 
We didn't have private companies, but I revealed everything. 
It's out of the question. 
The president said that he would unite this country, that he was a uniter, not a divider. 
But I don't think it's fair. 
And the leaders who are there, who also advised George Bush on this matter, said nothing different, but that. 
And China has a lot of influence over North Korea, some means more than we do. 
And it wasn't over at all. 
There has been too much government secrecy and not enough respect for the privacy of American citizens. 
I know exactly what we need to do in Iraq, and my position is consistent: Saddam Hussein is a threat. 
Twenty million of you will be abandoned. 
Under no circumstances do we carry near the burden that Europe and others are. 
This has had a particular effect in this area where many people work in the meat packaging industry, which has a much higher rate of serious injury than almost any other injury, a rate that seems to have increased, although we are not really sure, because some of the larger companies would have falsified their relationships. 
I want to be. 
So don't give me the stuff about how you're that innocent baby. 
It didn't work. 
We have reached the stage of the debate where we are asking for closing statements. 
Next, we would present a plan to control the costs of health care and the stage of health care coverage for all Americans. 
We have learned our lesson again in Korea, we must not learn it again. 
And Flora's always trying to put her life back together. 
Everyone, if it turns out, and I could hire, I notice she said she had a new good accountant. 
Now, as far as No Child Left Behind is concerned, it was a big start in my opinion. 
There you go. 
We can put the communists on the defensive. 
We didn't catch Bin Laden. 
But I'll give you a chance here. 
That's not what they're talking about, Chris. 
Yeah, that's a problem. 
GRABEL: President Bush, over the past four years you have taken thousands of decisions that have affected millions of lives. 
And the fact is that if you lower the rates as you described, governor, it is not possible to find enough deductions and gaps that only affect high-income people to avoid increasing the deficit or overloading the middle class. 
I have to tell you, I am a — I am a little city boy from a place not too different from Farmville. 
In my opinion and in the Supreme Court, I'm not going to interfere. 
That's very good. 
We believe that those convicted of this crime deserve the death penalty, as does the legislation of Congress, which is supported by a bipartite party, including many of its party's democrats. 
I know my point of view is that I'd rather have a private plan. 
There's been too much finger pointing and too much name in Washington. 
All I said was that it is very possible that if they do not pay a fair share, because it is not 40 years ago that we could do what we do. 
I have worked to improve our country, both in times of war and in times of peace, as a bomber pilot, as a businessman and senator from the United States, to make this country the fairest, strongest and most powerful in the world. 
And let's create jobs and return to our economy. 
We will not train in the field. 
There are more people in poverty, one in six people in poverty. 
And all this generates income. 
It's a fact. 
I don't know. 
Will you accept the result of the election? 
That is exactly the philosophy we have seen in place for ten years. 
If you all want to change the rules, we can do it. 
Trends are in the wrong direction. 
In the second half, the panelists with me will have no follow-up questions. 
It was feasted with Christmas tree ornaments. 
We have made significant progress in Iraq. 
You okay? 
And the only thing that seems good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little, which will come crashing n. e are in a big, big bubble. 
I've already done things in the United States Senate. 
He says we should fight for these islands, because they are, according to him, in the space of freedom. 
And I understand why Senator Obama was surprised and said that the push succeeded beyond his wildest expectations. 
I have good news and bad news for both of you. 
Go on the tape. 
So if we are going to be serious about this, we must have a president who is going to tackle it head on. 
And I budgeted for that. 
He said I wanted to take it from the rich, raise $150 billion from the rich. 
Just no hedges, no sis, and goals. 
I'm Susan Page from the United States today. 
Go on. 
North and South Korean dictators, Chilean fascists, Chinese communists, Iranian emperors, etc. 
That's not true. 
And it could have reduced the cost of health insurance and your taxes and costs for seniors. 
PAGE: Senator Harris, you are the Senator of California and former Attorney General. 
It's a smart thing to do. 
In Afghanistan, I believe that freedom is a gift from the Almighty. 
Mr. MORGAN (spoke in French): Mr. Vice-President, in your speeches you stress that the United States is essentially doing well during the cold war. 
The president of the Republican Party thinks we should change a few things. 
Okay, to move on to our country's divisions, the first question is for Governor Clinton for two minutes, and Ann is going to ask it. 
A free Iraq will ensure that reformers' hopes and aspirations are respected in places like Iran. 
Secretary Clinton, allow me to follow you. 
Secretary, you don't have a plan. 
What I want America to do is trade more, but compete and win by investing in a competitive way. 
Meanwhile, as Iran moves towards nuclear weapons, some 37 tons of what they call yellow cake, what they use to make enriched uranium, while they do, North Korea has gone from a bomb to perhaps four to seven bombs. 
Today is my granddaughter's second birthday, so I think about it a lot. 
Israel is our friend and we will stay close to Israel. 
It turned out to be a disaster. 
President Reagan, your rebuttal? 
And for the record, they were not submitted for approval by the committee or candidates. 
As I said, we are different on the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be that bad. 
We need to take Zarqawi away, and that's exactly what we're gonna do. 
Look, we can lower the government -- growth in government spending, but we need to grow the economy. 
I'm proud of the fact that violent crimes are being committed in the state of Texas. 
That is how we will create jobs in this country. 
That's what we said. 
I want to make this change to the American people. 
We want you to have this tax credit. 
And we need to work more closely with our partners and allies on the d.t. I want to stress that what is at stake here is Russia's ambitions and aggressiveness. 
And I must also disagree with Senator McCain's case regarding the accessibility and affordability of colleges. 
It's not just a women's problem, it's a family problem, it's a middle class problem, and that's why we have to fight for it. 
It's a lot of middle-income American families to raise taxes on them. 
It was ignored in this case and it was a very serious error of judgment. 
And I don't deserve that. 
And it was a well-made decision. 
The next question concerns Senator Dole. 
All right. 
They had the ability to do everything of their choice. 
When a man and a woman do the same job, a man is paid $1. 
If you look at the history of a trial judge's decisions, you may have a good idea how they will interpret the questions. 
Quotas have always been contrary to the American ideal. 
OBAMA: What we have done is to organize the international community, saying that Assad must leave. 
Thank God we have the right president in the civil war. 
Our relations with Japan have never been better. 
I have a dossier of reform, and I accept my party, the other party, the particular interests, whether it is a Charter of the rights of HMO patients, or trying to clean up the campaign financing system in this country, or whether it is the creation of a Commission of 11 September, I have a long file. 
There's too many quarrels. 
But we were not attacked by Saddam Hussein. 
Bob Dole and Jack Kemp, as soon as we take this first step in reducing tax rates, will repeal the entire code, while Bill Clinton and my friend, Al Gore, will defend the status quo. 
MCCAIN: Sure. 
[Applause] I propose a budget -- I proposed a budget that would increase the strength of our nation, in real terms, by double that of the Soviet Union. 
Also as far as religion is concerned. 
Secondly, I believe that if economic sanctions against Latin America succeed, they must be multilateral. 
We have 35 million people without any insurance, and I see them all the time. 
But you were in touch, excuse me. 
They cannot pay for their prescription drugs and are therefore some of those who regularly go to Canada to get their prescription drugs. 
And that is what we are trying to do, not only to protect our own borders, but also to have a kind of fairness and recognition of this problem. 
MODERATOR: The Senate refused to accept global warming. 
A little thing about estate tax. 
An incredible number of young people are active in supporting my efforts because they are deeply concerned that we have taken away the American dream from them. 
I mean, it's done. 
The fact is that all he says so far is a lie. 
I should say very clearly that I don't think we're doing enough, that I'm not satisfied as an American with the progress we're making. 
We are using this $500 million to further reduce the deficit. 
QUAYLE: How long did he have to wait -- or how fast did he change his position on education? 
They will not follow someone whose beliefs are constantly changing because of American politics. 
And it costs more to keep them in prison than to send them to Harvard. 
And by the way, our budget... BIDEN: We didn't increase... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: ...by 3% per year instead of 4.5% as they propose. 
Tonight, as an example, everyone had a test and you had the social distancing and all the things you have to do, but I'm wearing masks... 
I'm gonna be in big trouble if I don't talk about it -- it's now time... BUSH: I promise it's less than 10 seconds. 
And it's in every part of the United States. 
We are facing a group of people who have such hatred in their hearts, they will strike anywhere, with any means. 
But what is at stake here in this issue of health care is the fundamental difference between me and Senator Obama. 
I was educated by Jesuits at Rockhurst High School in Kansas City. 
And we must be this brilliant city on a hill, as President Reagan has said so well, that we are a beacon of hope and that we are not apologetic here. 
But to clarify my point of view, the president should have a variety of things he could do. 
WALLACE: And, Secretary Clinton, same question, because at this point, social security and health insurance will be lacking, trust funds will be running out of money. 
McGEE: Senator Kennedy, yesterday, you used the words "happy-happy" to speak to the position of Vice-President Richard Nixon on the defence of the Quemoy and Matsu Islands. 
The reason they keep trying to attack Halliburton is because they want to obscure their own file. 
I respect the fact that Joe Biden spent 47 years in public life. 
We had a lot of support for the Patriotic Act, when we adopted it on a bipartite basis. 
I've never had to talk about anything I want to do and how we're really going to make life better for people. 
Trust was revealed, and I was very happy to see that I had paid 42 percent of my gross income in taxes. 
Many people who give her all that money she can do much more advertising than I have given her — took massive deductions.I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. 
Well, I don't think I ran the ad. 
While I was governor, I was proud that our fourth-year students had graduated number one of the 50 states in English, then also in mathematics. 
But our children will live in the future, and Mike Dukakis says the best of America is yet to come. 
We need to talk, we need to talk, Joe. 
Are there any personal differences? 
And one of the achievements of which I am most proud is the paternity of the Job Training Partnership Act, which has trained and educated and employed more than three million young people and economically disadvantaged adults. 
But on all these things, a healthy economy is the only way to achieve it. 
And there was no one... we didn't close the economy. 
We're becoming less. 
Those who can afford it will buy themselves. 
It is fundamentally unfair and not only unfair, but economically, it almost destroyed this country. 
They're fighting us because they're fighting freedom. 
Our faith informs us in everything we do. 
I left public life on June 11 of this year. 
There are many points on which I would like to comment. 
He's saying it. 
I want to come back and tell you why, but if you want to forgive me, I would like to say something from the beginning of this debate following the moment of silence for Mel Carnahan and Randy Carnahan and Chris Sifford. 
In addition to that, I believe that this element of discrimination is something that the South has seen so clearly as a scourge on our region of the country that has now been corrected - not only racial discrimination but discrimination against people who must work to earn a living - because we have been trying to get up to our traps, since the long years of depression, and to lead a full and useful life in the affairs of this country. 
And take the money we spent on the war over the last decade to rebuild America, the roads, the school bridges. 
Senator Harris, what would you say to Brecklynn? 
We sent it to the Clinton administration for implementation, and they waited three and a half years. 
Because new breakthroughs in atomic energy technology seem to indicate that, by the end of the next President's term, there may be ten, fifteen or twenty countries with an atomic capability, perhaps many experimental bombs with all the effect they could have on the atmosphere and with all the chances that more and more countries will have an atomic capability, with an increasing chance of war. 
No, actually, watching the shows, they read the papers. 
You suggested... EDWARDS: No, sir, I didn't... 
I want people to understand exactly what Senator Kerry said, as you said. 
KAINE: Great Line of the — Great Line of the Gospel of Matthew. 
LOOMIS: Governor Reagan, repeating the question, I ask you, once again, to commit yourself to as many details as possible. 
So, suppose now, to argue, it's spring 1989 and you're President Dukakis, and you find that all these economists were right and that you were wrong. 
A billion dollars more than the recently signed president. 
(Applause) WOODRUFF: Senator Bentsen. 
Tonight, these men will limit this discussion to foreign policy. 
We can't get involved in the mess, but we have to do what we can. 
They want to put an end to 180 million plans. 
The vice-president presides over the Senate, and takes a decisive vote in the event of equality, but his role really depends on the tasks entrusted to him by the president. 
The cold war is over. 
REAGAN: Before campaigning as a Democrat for a Republican presidential candidate, I had already voted for Dwight Eisenhower to be President of the United States. 
We need reform of our police in America and our criminal justice system, which is why Joe and I will immediately ban choking and carotid detention. 
Why would these people stay here? 
I'm an environmentalist. 
I mention the last debate -- MODERATOR: EITC? 
I'd like to ask you, sir. 
Will we use prosperity to enrich all our families and not just a few? 
The fact is that Governor Bush recommended in his major policy statement on the army earlier this year that we skip the next generation of military equipment; helicopters, submarines, tactical fighters, everything else. 
Whatever vice president claims the administration did, it clearly didn't work when you looked at more than 210,000 corpses in our country, American lives that were lost, families mourning that loss. 
Like what? 
He always talks about Arkansas having a balanced budget and they do, but he has a balanced budget amendment. 
It's not a dirty campaign because he's been talking about my record for half a year here, 11 months here. 
It's a government that doesn't serve you. 
And what that means, then, is that there are people out there who work every day, who don't get a tax cut, and you want to give them more. 
Or you can reduce its allocation and reach the same end much faster. 
Is that on your radar screen? 
Because I'm going to lower prices for everyone, but I'm going to limit deductions, exemptions and credits, especially for high-level people, because I'm not going to have people at high-wage levels less than they pay now. 
We spent $3 million studying bears DNA in Montana. 
I'd like to have his name and phone number because I think I've paid too much tax. 
We also want to return to the stature and respect our country had in previous administrations. 
But they do -- did you understand that you were wrong? 
And that is what the balance sheet shows, it is the desire to increase taxes, to increase spending, a proposal for spending of a thousand billion dollars that is on the table. 
But you isolate China and turn them in, and then we made a huge mistake. 
And I have a responsibility to correct it every time it makes a mistake; and I intend to continue to do so. 
However, income inequality remains significant, and almost half of Americans are living at k.g with you, Secretary Clinton, why are you a better choice than your opponent to create the types of jobs that will put more money in the pockets of American workers? 
"When you have this kind of barrier against us, it is not a free and fair trade and we do not believe that it should continue. » 
They only have a few buyers who buy their milk or pigs - a few large companies in many cases - and the farmer is therefore not in a position to negotiate very effectively on the market. 
It turns out that the company knew 12 other children who had been killed or seriously injured by the same problem. 
OBAMA: And this is not reflected in the kind of budget you're proposing because it doesn't work. 
In fact, the number of troops that Sandinists have accumulated since the administration began its secret activities has increased from 12,000 to 50,000, and of course the number of Soviet and Cuban advisers has also increased. 
Refuse it. 
It goes to our survival. 
Yes, it is. 
And he has a record weakness with regard to our national defence, which is unparalleled. 
I see an involvement of a thousand points of light. 
Finally, whether or not there is an exit strategy. 
You have houses everywhere. 
Now, if we are going to have another summit conference, there must be negotiations at the diplomatic level - ambassadors, secretaries of state, and others at that level - before that moment, which will define the issues and pave the way for the Heads of State to meet and make some progress. 
For example, this Congress, very soon, will spend $1 billion a year on its household, salaries, expenses, etc. 
And I have the opportunity to extend the discussion for a minute, to be divided equally between the two men. 
And it destroys... they shouldn't even call it Obamacare, then I had a choice to make, do I let my people really handle it right or wrong? 
It is one of the most beautiful and pristine places that the good Lord has created on earth. 
You can't believe it. 
Now, the bill that the Speaker introduced would have provided more assistance to the regions that really needed it - areas such as Scranton and Wilkes-Barre and the West Virginia regions - than those that Senator Kennedy supported. 
And when Secretary Clinton talks about people who have not been paid, first of all, they have been paid a lot, but have benefited from the laws of the nation. 
They turn the centrifuges faster. 
I did. 
I have no problem with that. 
I would like to start with Libya. 
It's liberal philosophy. 
I don't think the United States did that. 
But when we find children trapped in schools that will not change and will not teach, instead of saying oh, it is normal in America just to mix poor children through schools, there must be a consequence. 
The administration didn't take care of it. 
As far as the current situation is concerned, I think it is time to highlight some of the distortions on the United States that have been eliminated. 
They have about 40 percent... RYAN: Where are the 5 million green jobs that were... RADDATZ: I want to go here to health insurance and rights. 
I mean, what do you need, a signed document? 
Mr. SHADEL: Gentlemen, if I can remind you, time is getting shorter and shorter, so please keep your questions and answers as brief as possible in line with clarity. 
DOLE: And the former president, too, yes. 
To do this, you need a system of managed competition where we are all covered by large groups and we can choose our doctors and hospitals, a wide range, but there is an incentive to control costs. 
Or do you remember when he said that health insurance premiums will decrease by $2,500 per family, per year? 
This weakens the chances of civilization's survival. 
We shouldn't expect it. 
The biggest increase in crime in history, the biggest increase in drugs in the history of Arkansas. 
But the Americans for Disabilities Act, which speaks of sound and reasonable civil rights legislation, is the most important piece of legislation passed in modern times. 
That's what we learned. 
Dis-le. 
Does this show that communism has the greatest traction, or that freedom has the greatest traction? 
And clearly, as Donald just admitted, he knew he was going to stand on this scene of debate, and Lester Holt was going to ask us questions, so he tried to put all the racist child in bed. 
But since they are raised from childhood to fight each other rather than achieve results, you know, I would be happy to give up and spend some time and see if we could not build bridges. 
But it is important that our leaders demonstrate these values at the summit. 
They couldn't believe it. 
MCCain: And they have shown solidarity with them, but also, they are very concerned about the Russian threats of regaining their status as a former Russian in order to regain their status as a former Russian empire. 
I'd like to know. 
Douglas is a character. 
I've been in the public service for 24 years, Jim. 
He also opposed the mandatory conviction of drug traffickers in Massachusetts. 
RADDATZ: You will have — you will be able to answer now. 
It's like, what — he lived there for a short time before even knowing — 
Number two, stealing our intellectual property, our designs, our patents, our technology. 
Growing up in a working-class family, having the opportunity to go to a large public school system, then going to university, then really being designed by President Kennedy, as well as the values of the service my family has given me in public life. 
That's exactly what it is. 
It is essential that they believe that when America takes action, they can trust what we do, what we say to the United Nations, what we say in direct conversations with world leaders -- from other countries. 
The fact is that these front-line communities, it doesn't matter what you're paying for them. 
I was wrong when I said that Vice President Gore's campaign ads called Governor Bush a bumblebee. 
I served in Congress for twelve years; I served in Congress and served for eight years on the Senate Committee on Armed Services. 
Only 95 per cent -- 95 per cent come today without inspection. 
I've seen a lot of business leaders enter my office and say they're going to tell the president of the United States to leave, they're going to hit the office, and go into that office and turn to Jello. 
And if we have Osama bin Laden in our eyes and the Pakistani government can't or won't get them out, then I think we need to act and we're going to get them out. 
You know, you may have seen your health care premiums increase. 
One of the most alarming statistics is the increase in obesity among young Americans. 
They have been informed that he is therefore mortal, that he is in the air, that he will affect the young and that he would be contracted because he is in the air. 
Let me answer your question and I hope it won't be too personal or Maudlin. 
He said that no man with this index of extreme poverty has the right to ask for re-election to the presidency. 
And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing — the things that businesses like people love the most is the fact that I cut the regulation. 
Mr Vice-President, we are talking a lot about the fight against small businesses and business owners today. 
It's about putting money — more money in the pockets of American workers. 
This administration does not. 
I believe in his greatness. 
I want to talk about your responsibility, and your responsibility. 
We can do it, we as Americans, because we are the best innovators, we are the best producers, and 95 percent of the people who are our market live outside the United States of America. 
Let him say his own words. 
As you said, Arab Americans, but also Hispanics, Asians, and Blacks in this country. 
I can feel the same place. 
And so, when I sit down with the Secretary of the Navy and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, we determine how we will best meet all our defence needs in a way that also maintains faith with our troops, which also ensures that our veterans have the kind of support they need when they return home. 
He could be talking about him 200 feet away and he shows up with the biggest mask I've ever seen. 
And if you really look, it's not a tax — it's really not a big thing for the rich. 
And I don't agree with that. 
You have to evacuate him, question him by question. 
And the fact is that when Obamacare is fully implemented, we will be able to show that costs will fall. 
If I go on longer, I'll be in trouble with my own party. 
It is the number one - it is the number one receiver of the money of the political action committee. 
Unbelievably, Senator Obama did not go to Iraq for 900 days and never requested a meeting with General Petraeus. 
There have been requests for additional security; these requests have not been met. 
They're trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. 
This means that we need new jobs, good jobs, with rising incomes. 
This is a perfect example of the kind of leadership that the United States, under this administration, has taken. 
It's the strongest, the best prepared, the best equipped he's ever been. 
It says that if youâ€TMs got a complaint with your insurance company, you can file your complaint with an objective organization. 
Can we reduce our dependence on foreign oil and how much in the first term in four years? 
China has been cheating for years. 
The order of everything was determined by a coin throw. 
But a black parent, as rich or poor as they are, must teach their child, when you walk on the street, do not have a hood when you cross the street, making sure that you, in fact, if you get shot, yes sir, no sir, hands on top of the wheel. 
His deputy, MP Ryan, presented a budget that reflects many of the principles that Governor Romney spoke of. 
Mine is rooted in the real life of real people, and it will bring real results if we have the courage to change. 
Well, gentlemen, last part: The integrity of the elections. 
They're going to develop their businesses. 
I remember something my father told me -- I was 18 years old to go to Penn Station to go to the Navy, and he said to write your mother -- what I did faithfully; he said to serve your country -- my father was a man of honor, duty and country; and he said to tell the truth. 
Your racing companion, Senator Harris, goes further, saying that public health experts quote: "Will you be muzzled, will be removed. Since the polls already show that people are concerned about the vaccine and are hesitant to take it, are you and your racing companion, Senator Harris, contributing to that fear? 
I want a Supreme Court to stick to Roe v. Wade and a woman right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court to stick to the wedding. w, Donald presented the names of some people he would consider. 
I am part of an administration that has the best record in terms of diversity. 
IFILL: Thirty seconds, Senator Edwards. 
Positive action should be based on need, not on equal reward, and not on equality of outcome. 
And so I'm going to make the call on a wide range of questions. 
Who's on your list? 
When the United States rejected Saddam Hussein from Kuwait, three times as they were trying to get out of that box, Saddam Hussein felt a quick and certain reaction from the United States of America under the presidency of Bill Clinton. 
What I mean is that he's a serial exaggerator -- BUSH: I don't think I used those words. No, but your campaign ads. Maybe they did. And the people in charge of your campaign did. And your campaign leaders, Mr. Vice President, now call the governor a bumblebeeman. 
And the main thing is that taxes have been reduced, and yet the federal government's income is 25% in the last three years. 
It would depend entirely on what they asked us to do, but the real secret there is for them to respect the agreements they have reached and find a way to trust each other, and they will have to spend time and trust each other. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): I will not accept any agreement on arms control, including a freeze, which is not verifiable. 
But you know, they were the ones who, with the encouragement of Senator Obama and his friends in Washington, went out and made all those risky loans, gave them to people who could never afford to pay back. 
I have as much devotion as I have opinion. 
We didn't feel so uncertain that we reached the state club to get our point of view. 
(Laughs) But look who's with him there. 
And that is one of the reasons why one of the first bills I signed was Bill Lily Ledbetter. 
You're probably playing more than I am, Joe. 
A coup de change has determined, Mr President, you are going first. 
The mayor of New York City, Mayor Bloomberg, has just imposed a spending freeze on New York City. 
Number one, we're going to have North American energy independence. 
But, you know, if we get this tax rate from 35 percent to 25 percent, why that $2.8 billion is on the table. 
And believe me, this country thinks it's — really think it's shameful, o. s. until my tax returns, you don't learn much from these tax returns. 
I must say that forty-four percent and this Soviet country are causing us a lot of trouble tonight. 
Let him speak, Mr. Vice President. 
He never proposed a plan. 
GORE: Well, when I was able to be part of the current administration, it was just after -- I was one of the few members of my political party to support former President Bush in the resolution on the Persian Gulf War, and at the end of this war, for whatever reason, it was not over in a way that removed Saddam Hussein from power. 
And as far as South Korea is concerned, we have a trade agreement right now, they're sending hundreds of thousands of South Korean cars to the United States. 
No, he won. 
In my opinion, it makes our future less secure and less secure. 
Some Republicans have criticized Mr. Mashek. 
And our hope is, at next week's hearing, unlike Judge Kavanaugh received with the treatment of you and the others. 
She's been totally discredited. 
You have to understand, if you look... I mean, I have a mask right here. 
When I was in a rope line the other day, coming from Wisconsin, a few young returnees were in the line, an active service, one from the Guard. And they looked at me and said, We need you. 
I'm action-oriented. 
We chose people who were open-minded, who didn't come with a program. 
Now, the federal committee -- a responsible federal budget has examined your two plans and they say that neither of you has a serious plan that will solve the fact that Medicare will run out of money in the 2020s, social security will run out of money in the 2030s, and at that time, recipients will take huge reductions in their benefits. 
One minute for the vice president. 
When they had a $250 billion tax system, that's half the size of it. 
Senator Harris and Vice-Chair Pence thank you for being here. 
I'm going to fight my teeth and nails to get the minimum wage. 
They're not Americans. 
So I would say that our prestige is not so high. 
According to the Washington Post, health insurance costs have increased by more than 36 per cent over the past four years. 
But there were many families who did not have this good fortune and whose sons, daughters or husbands had not survived. 
And we are more respected because of the way we behaved. 
My first job as commander-in-chief, Bob, is to protect the American people. 
But what it says is, "Insurers, you have to take everyone." 
And the reason is so important - and this is a testimony to how we have restored American credibility and strength throughout the world - is that we have to make sure that all countries have participated, even countries like Russia and China. 
He just said that he wants everyone to be able to buy the same plan as senators and members of Congress. 
He said, quote, they'll all be gone... ..they'll all be gone... And that's one of those where you can just go to the gang on her and see what Donald Trump said. 
For 47? 
And Governor Bush and I want to offer this new course of action. 
Now, with respect to the way -- we diverge, my friend says that he -- I guess he accepts Governor Romney's position now, because in the past, he argued that there was -- there is rape and forced rape. 
It's like a tax. 
No, it's not. 
But that should certainly be the long-term goal of all Americans, and I think that is the case. 
I'm not saying that. 
He broke it three times last year. 
And President Bush has a very different path for a very different period. 
I think there are several reasons. 
We have low interest rates today. 
And a month or two ago, I also said that over the next ten years, we should develop - twice - these national parks, wild areas, picturesque areas of the river. 
If he says that, this issue will not be discussed in the campaign. 
It is not research, Mr President, it is the government that invests in business. 
We tried to bring Saddam Hussein into the family of nations; he had the 4th army. 
Meanwhile, they received all kinds of money in their contributions to the campaign. 
Your time's up. 
The first thing is that 25,000 or fewer people would not have a tax increase. 
However, no one was cured using embryonic stem cells. 
Inflation is stealing from us. 
I understood it was the Eisenhower-Nixon administration according to all the Republican propaganda I've read. 
The government was very involved, as were the housing industry, as were the banking industry, as were housing advocates, as well as non-profit organizations, as well as governors, mayors and people across the country who deeply believed in property and affordable housing. 
And I really believe that it is much better for us and for the Soviet Union, and especially for people around the world, that these two superpowers find an answer to a SALT II agreement before 3 October 1977. 
Now, if this quote was wrong, he can repudiate it, right here. 
It was based on the principle of resistance to the Soviet Union, and we won this conflict. 
It's one of the centerpieces of his campaign. 
We have already reduced taxes on 15 million families working in this county, with an average of about $1,000 in tax relief for those who earn $25,000 a year or less. 
We are far from... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: Rapid response and then... (CROSSTALK) MCCAIN: No one from Arizona is against solar. 
Mitt Romney put ideas on the table. 
The problem is that the American people should talk. 
Put on in public, do, do -- get on the radio and so on. 
Okay, very quickly and then we're going to North Korea... 
These things will give us the energy we need. 
But we should make a vigorous effort to ensure that people are educated, to make sure they get out of high school, there are Pell grants available to them, which is what we did. 
It reduced the amount of money for college education by 25 per cent and for secondary and primary schools by one third. 
I trust people, I don't trust the federal government. 
And what we have done when it comes to trade is not only to sign three trade agreements to open up new markets, but we have also set up a task force for trade that goes after anyone who benefits from American workers or companies and does not create fair conditions. 
But it's -- the basic structure is healthy. 
This is the worst part of Obamacare, as we call it. 
CLINTON: First of all, when I hear Donald talking like this and I know that his slogan is "Making America big," I wonder when he found America great. 
I read his statement the other day. 
I'm the last one, aren't I? 
And with regard to the prohibition of assault weapons, out of 17 weapons that have been banned, only six have now been banned because eleven have been modified and are back on the street. 
And by working and coordinating our efforts together, not by threatening to attack them, but by working with them, and if necessary by using force, but by speaking softly, but by carrying a big stick. 
It must be in our vital interest, the mission must be clear and the additional strategy clear. 
President Carter, you both expressed the desire to end the nuclear arms race with Russia, but by very different methods. 
My mother basically raised our family. 
You have several times... 
We will also ensure that we have trade relations with China that work for us. 
Key people, people beyond the glass ceiling. 
SCHIEFFER: A new question, Senator Kerry, of two minutes. 
She'll be my partner. 
And it seemed to me that if you want to send a signal, you have to send a signal, Mr. President. 
And the first answer is to you, Senator Obama. 
It was a threat. 
Oh, on clean coal. 
We fight terrorists, we secure democracy, and we build schools for children there so that there are also opportunities in this country. 
It is not enough to keep this file because we are dealing with the most ruthless, fanatical leaders... whom the world has ever seen. 
I have a winning temperament. 
But the war did not end with a total victory. 
Thank you. 
WELKER: All right — All right, let me answer the Vice-President and we're running out of time and we have a lot more questions to ask ourselves. 
And my program is this one. 
I'm sure we'll do it. 
Reducing taxes on the rich doesn't have a lot of really smart and rich people know that. 
These are basic American values. 
The reality is that John Kerry has always supported the same men with whom he served in Vietnam and led. 
Quick debate. 
Yes. 
And they're finally starting to make progress. 
And I never mentioned Whitewater, as I told you personally. 
SIMPSON: Governor Clinton, the president mentioned Saddam Hussein. 
We had eight years of conversation, but no action. 
Anyway, let me quote the Lewin report. 
I don't have a dog in this fight, but I'd like to take care of it. 
What Senator McCain mentions is a measure in the Senate that would try to expand the mandate within Iraq. 
My goal and the President's objective is to try to reduce abortions in this country. 
But our nuclear program has fallen behind, and they have gone mad with their nuclear program. 
I want to move on to our next segment, immigration. 
No, it wasn't. 
Senator Bentsen spoke of reform. 
Let's go and talk about the issue of racial justice. 
It's -- it's -- it's -- it actually did, sir. 
And it won't happen by hiring teachers. 
I've heard of these dividends in the past; it always happens. 
This transition must be made in a responsible manner. 
They've never forgotten it. 
Come on, it's not leadership. 
And they didn't. 
Would you be prepared to ask this committee, controlled by the Democrats, to hasten its work and report before the elections? 
If we don't have the best education system in the world, if we don't continue to invest in research and technology that will allow us to start big companies here in the United States, that's how we lose the competition. 
Mr. MONDALE: I think the American people want to make sure that this dollar is spent wisely. 
Mr Vice-President, your time has expired. 
I don't have a comment. 
Now, it's good to say that sometimes you have to hit the base camps, but when the president saw this sponsored country-footprints of Muammar Khadaffi on the loss of American lives, he hit Libya. 
Most Americans believe in fundamental values. 
The fact is that Senator McCain does not realize that Ahmadinejad does not control the security apparatus in Iran. 
They were chosen during the last week by the Gallup organization to represent a rough part of the electorate on political views, age, gender and other factors. 
We will honour our commitment to our elders. 
There were only net savings of $4 billion. 
That's the clearest choice in 50 years. 
And for the most part, I agree with Senator McCain on many of the steps to be taken. 
Von Fremd has a question for Senator Kennedy. 
Well, first of all, I'm going to eliminate all the programs by this test, if they don't pass: Is the program so critical that it's worth borrowing money from China to pay for it? 
The fact is, you're offering $150 billion in new taxes. 
I think that makes the economy grow. 
Religion is an important part. 
This evening, the subject will be home affairs, but the format will be the same as that of this first debate. 
You haven't seen anything yet. 
My Secretary of Defense will have to make a very difficult decision in which the system must move forward. 
PENCE: I didn't expect to be on this scene four years ago, so I know the feeling. 
I've learned a lot, good doctors, good hospitals. 
Now I think it's very important to understand that reducing benefits under social security means that people like Winifred Skinner of Des Moines, Iowa, who is here, would really have a lot more time. 
I think the president was right to order these flights. 
The question is really who you want in the White House. 
I'll tell you what's worse. 
- No, no, sir. 
And I just got the environmental award in Texas for the work I did to clean the berries, clean the water off the coast of Texas. 
He asked me to spend much more time with Senator D'Amato over the past two years, so I know his comments better than I was before. 
Not the labels we attach to each other, the questions about patriotism and the loyalty of the other. 
There are other ways to ensure that drugs are cheaper. 
We'd like your support. 
I would be happy to answer those questions. 
I promise you that I will do whatever is necessary to make sure it stays that way. 
I want to cut spending. 
Now it means the best leadership. 
Andrea Mitchell, for the vice president. 
Vice-President, to conclude that you think there has been insufficient economic growth over the last eight years; and if so, what would you do beyond the current administration's policy to accelerate it? 
He said, "I am a strong Liberal Democrat" - August, 87. 
I vetoed the strip-tease mining bill, Mr. Kraft, because it was the vast consensus of well-informed people that this strip-tease mining bill would have led to the loss of thousands of jobs, something of about one hundred and forty thousand Jabs. 
- Sir, if I can finish my question... 
At the beginning of our history, this promise that the ideal has not been realized or experienced by all Americans, but over time we have expanded the orbit of this promise. 
You have a pay differential right now. 
But my big difference with this administration is that they see the counter-aid program as the only way to solve this problem. 
When JFK said we were going to the moon in 10 years, no one was sure how to do it, but we understood that if the American people make a decision to do something, it's done. 
We should have rural business areas. 
What is low-paid jobs? 
Look, what you just heard is that they have a plan for the opening of the borders, the amnesty. 
This is part of a record that dates back to the 1970s when he first appeared in Congress and stated that troops should not be deployed without the U's approval. N.. 
This evening's debate, as you both know, comes on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the night when President Kennedy told the world that the Soviet Union had installed nuclear missiles in Cuba, perhaps the closest we have ever known of nuclear war. 
I voted for border security, and there's... 
We don't have to settle for 47 million people on food stamps. 
It's important. 
And if it was just a video, maybe only what he says tonight would be understandable, but everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point on whether the man in the video or the man on stage respects women. 
He didn't say that. 
So we're working with China, and we have to do it. 
But what we should have done earlier is to work with these freedom fighters, these dissidents in Syria. 
I don't know, someone went to Wall Street. 
His own Chief of Staff, Ron Klain, would say last year that it was a pure chance. 
First of all, she was there as Secretary of State with the so-called line in the sand, which... CLINTON: No, I wasn't. 
In some places, yes. 
I think that doing everything in our power to find, as I say, something that would destroy weapons and not human beings is a great step forward in the field of human rights. 
So let's give it back to where the credit is due. 
I think you believe in them. 
And I said that at that time. 
And it lasted months. 
That's why I'm going to have a prosecutor for the first time in history. 
We have seen in the past the destruction of elected governments, as in Chile, and the strong support of the military dictatorship there. 
We need a higher salary for teachers. 
And with rising wages, especially for blue-collar and hard-working Americans, the average household income for a family of four increased by $4,000 as a result of President Trump's tax cuts. 
And we must make sure that we give them a way to citizenship. 
They own it. 
Most of the things I need for everyday life are very expensive. 
I handled my business. 
Because there are millions of seniors who live almost by hand in their mouths. 
This debate takes place in front of an audience at Phi Beta Kappa Memorial Hall on the campus of William and Mary College in the historic Williamsburg, Virginia. 
You want me to answer your question? 
And it was one of the toughest nuts to crack when they passed the Affordable Care Act. 
Would you be willing to risk an oil embargo in order to promote human rights in Iran and Saudi Arabia by retaining Saudi Arabia's weapons for the same purpose? 
And in fact, you recently mentioned the question of servers affecting their masks and plates. 
I remember the day before I was appointed to the vice-presidency. 
Here's what we do. 
Mr President, I am obliged to cut you off under the rules of the debate. 
And he's going... Senator, he's going to publish his tax returns when the audit is over... WHO: ...I have to ask you about social security... KAINE: Richard Nixon published tax returns when he was under audit. 
(LAUGHTER) Most small businesses are S. sub-chapter bodies. 
But they don't. 
In fact, Mr.Ayers has become the centrepiece of Senator McCain's campaign over the past two or three weeks. 
- Well, thank you. 
What do they see? 
OBAMA: So my approach is to say, how can the system be strengthened in the long term? 
It's from 2003. 
We owe him a debt of gratitude. 
This question is for you. 
Oh, well, that's a big statement. 
And we financed the trust fund with IOUs in the form of Treasury bonds. 
But a $5,000 credit for health care thanks to our income tax that is budget neutral. 
There are other things that have been said here -- back, and you said I could pick them up. 
We want to give the public a chance. 
I was someone who had been running businesses for 25 years, and I was balancing the budget. 
It's right now, it's happened in Tennessee, Decaturville, Tennessee. 
So that's what our program is talking about. 
He voted against the funding of wheeled meals for seniors. 
Now he sets the policy for this administration, and I support the president. 
Vice President, I want to take... 
We really have two savings. 
Now, we're both, I guess, saying the other's position in an extreme maximalist way, but I think there's a difference here. 
First of all, although we are today, as Senator Kennedy, the strongest nation in the world militarily, has admitted, we must increase our strength, increase it so that we can always have enough strength so that, no matter what our potential adversaries have - if we have to launch a surprise attack - we can destroy their ability to wage war. 
Now, to suggest that because two Republican presidents have tried to adopt the SALT treaty - which puts them on its side - I would like to say that President Ford, who was in the 90% of a treaty that we could agree with when he left office, is categorically against this SALT treaty. 
That's what this is about. 
Ladies and gentlemen, important to understand, the president and his friends are trying to get away with it. 
We have adopted the Taxpayer Bill of Rights. 
I'm so glad we had a little history lesson. 
Okay, we're going into a new segment. 
It hurts the housing market because Dodd-Frank doesn't plan to put in place the kind of regulations you need to have. 
They tested a nuclear bomb. 
It was a mess. 
I'll keep this nation strong. 
Now, I don't think anyone here is earning more than $330,000 a year. 
You must have world-class teachers, world-class books. 
He knows all the stinking little numbers these guys make. 
They have good people and sometimes they play constructive roles, but sometimes they have too much power. 
Barack Obama proposed a clear plan. 
If you're re-elected, we'll have a debt of a thousand billion dollars. 
LONG: Senator Kerry, thousands of people have already been cured or treated by the use of adult stem cells or umbilical cord stem cells. 
PENCE: Three hundred and five economists said your plan was bad for the economy. 
Look at all the broken promises. 
That sounds a little different to me. 
As far as the health plan is concerned, you know, it's with one hand you give, the other you take. 
In quoting John F. Kennedy's tax reduction in the 1960s, I would also like to remind you that Mr. Kemp pointed out in the past that Bob Dole was in Congress at that time. 
And recently, the Chinese have announced that they will lower some of the barriers to our products, which they should do as they have a trade surplus of $15 billion with the United States under Mr. Bush. 
They cut off the training money. 
I was called the sheriff, by one of the senior members of the Credit Committee. 
If they want to become citizens, they can also stay online. 
And the approach that I have adopted is, in my opinion, a balanced approach that is necessary to balance science and life's concerns. 
We can invite all candidates. 
I have a plan that will allow the 55 to 64 people to buy in Medicare early. 
If so, what measures would you apply for a second term? 
And if such a defence could be found, would it not be much more humanitarian to say that now we can defend ourselves against a nuclear war by destroying missiles instead of killing millions of people? 
The record's here, the story's here. 
Mr. Nelson, your question is now for Governor Carter. 
It's a positive attack on drugs. 
This is not the time to settle for less than we can be. 
DUKAKIS (spoke in French): I understand, after the Vice-President's debate, why Mr. Bush would not want any more debates. 
I'm a long way from these other people.That's what he said, I'm gonna be okay. 
They are unidentified people, and after the bomb exploded, they are blown into pieces because they are suicidal individuals who think they will go to heaven if they commit such an act and lose their lives by doing so. 
Senator Kennedy, your comment. 
You'll probably hear their enthusiasm at the end of the debate -- and right now we're welcoming Vice-President Joe Biden and MP Paul Ryan. 
I thank Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump and Hofstra University for hosting us tonight. 
So, in that case, what would give? 
I'll give you 30 seconds to answer and then we'll move on. 
Can I answer that? 
We took the child to New York. 
We have to open up the markets. 
I know that we can develop jobs in the manufacturing sector. 
Sir- 
Vice President... I mean, President Trump, sir. 
The fact is that the secret has surrounded the decisions taken by the Ford administration. 
Our proposals are therefore very solid and very carefully taken into account to stimulate employment, to improve the industrial complex of this country, to create tools for American workers, while being anti-inflationary in nature. 
Because I think it is in the interests of the Soviet Union to do so, just as it is in the United States. 
Look at Russia. 
They ran away, they got rid of it. 
I'm sorry we didn't have a foreign policy issue, because just this week, Secretary Christopher said, "Well, we really didn't know much about the first two years of foreign policy." 
Well, let me say first of all that I want to thank you, Martha, for doing this, and the College Centre. 
You know that. 
What were some differences? We didn't raise taxes. 
Thank you. 
I have no illusions about the leadership of the Soviet Union or the nature of this state. 
And China didn't. 
You know, just at law school, I went to work for the Children's Defense Fund. 
Every president until he has been able to do so, and this nation - or the world is more dangerous accordingly. 
Like the last meeting, the topics to be discussed will be suggested by questions from a group of correspondents. 
What I'm going to do with fracturing over time is make sure we can capture fracturing emissions. 
What were his written instructions? 
You spent last week... 
We should move quickly on my ethanol ideas that would use more corn, and therefore create a bigger market for our agricultural products. 
I must also point out that once you have entrusted the federal government with the responsibility of paying some of the teachers' salaries, your local authorities and your states will not fulfil this responsibility as they should. 
It is my understanding that Governor Carter has indicated that he approves a $30 billion federal government expenditure on education. 
Remember, it's your money, it's not his money. 
Now you're quoting a study. 
If all those who paid income tax last year, including successful small businesses, doubled their income tax this year, we would still have a deficit of $300 billion. 
We know where you're cutting right now. 
And what happened in the meantime? 
A few months ago, or I should say, perhaps two years ago, the Soviet Union seemed to have maintained its strength in the Middle East. 
So to answer your question, we withdraw, not from the world, we withdraw from the workforce so that they can be stationed here in America, so there is less rotation, so life is easier for their families and therefore more likely to be -- we will be more likely to be able to keep people in the all-volunteer army. 
Now, let me say that a few years ago, the United States Senate was about to explode. 
GORE: -- the military parts of our plan, even though he was president of the joint chiefs under George Bush, and John White supported the economic aspects of our plan, even though I believe he was the architect of Ross Perot's economic plan. 
And I hope we can do better. 
About VANOCUR: Excuse me - it will be out of my time, not yours - to know and cherish the inhabitants of this city and to know their restraint and distrust with respect to emotion, especially the sporting contexts that it is not, please, try to hold your applause, please. 
We gave him a booming economy, he ruined everything. 
First, they made a fatal mistake in misjudged communists; trying to apply to them the same rules of conduct that you would apply to the leaders of the free world. 
Bob Dole, by the way, just boasted this year that he was one of only 12 people who voted against Medicare's creation in the first place. 
It was an honour to participate in this critical debate. 
Secondly, young people are able to stay at home. 
National security, economic strength, democracy. 
SCHIEFFER: Senator Kerry, a new question for you. 
This has had other unfortunate effects. 
We were able to summon them at a conference. 
Thirdly, the Pre-Vice-President suggests keeping the Communists in doubt as to whether we would fight against Quemoy and Matsu. 
But with regard to underground tests to develop peaceful uses of atomic energy, we must not allow this Soviet filibust to continue. 
We need to create more jobs and more access to credit, capital, educational choice and the possibility for every man or woman and child to be what God wanted them to be, not what Washington wants them to be. 
Donald supported the invasion of Iraq. 
Read my plan. 
Then he called her "Miss Housekeeping," because she was Latin. 
Now, you judge for yourself whether it's fair or not. 
With regard to nuclear weapons, President Obama would have considered changing the nation's long-standing policy on first use. 
He said he was going to expand the base. 
The power of this concept is enormous. 
LIEBERMAN: Of course, it would be a very serious situation if we had evidence, credible evidence, that Saddam Hussein was developing weapons of mass destruction. 
It won't happen again. 
We must not meet the communists only in the field of raw atheistic materialism. 
We will put in place a missile defence system relatively quickly. 
Not only -- Even if we recover all the $700 billion, suppose markets are recovering, we hold enough assets for taxpayers to eventually recover it and what happened during the Great Depression when Roosevelt bought a bunch of houses, over time, the house's values came back and the government actually made a profit. 
The President did not call for an unconditional end to violence. 
And he says he'll pay for it by closing the loopholes and deductions. 
Incentives. 
He was on family leave. 
Mr Cater's question is for Vice-President Nixon. 
You would continue your approach to the free market, lower taxes, more deregulation, wouldn't you? 
It's a lot more complex. 
Governor, what about Simpson-Bowles? 
Gentlemen, we're gonna have time to get to Russia here. 
Every economist, every businessman... 
And when we tried to attack social security and health insurance, as the file we did shows, I think it was mean. 
RADDATZ: (inaudible) two-minute answer (inaudible) RYAN: Listen, did they enter and inherit a difficult situation? 
Because through his own budget figures, his spending proposals for tax cuts for the richest of the rich are more than his new spending proposals for health care and education and national defence all combined. 
And they used these things so that the government, through court orders, obstructed the practice of religion. 
It's dangerous and provocative. 
We strongly support the preservation of our environment, and we have a good record. 
I admire the fact that he's a good father. 
The president publicly overturned him while the president of South Korea was here. 
That's why I don't think we should do it that fast. 
And in Medicare, what we did was that we said, we're going to have to cut costs if we want to deal with our long-term deficits, but to do so, let's see where some of the money goes. 
But I'll tell you this: as president, I'll never forget that bullet. 
Uh the Federal Reserve Board indicated that the supply of money would be held between four to four and a half and seven and seven and a half. 
How can we get Congress to do this? 
For me, the hardest struggle in my life of faith has been the Catholic Church is against the death penalty and so am I. 
First, let me just follow up here. 
You'd do that? 
I have to tell you what we've done since I hired a wonderful accountant. 
It's the red states. 
He made his choices. 
It's something I take seriously and it's my position. 
Our army is helping Iraq. 
I think there's a need, if we could do a survey here with Gallup people maybe, I think there's a real need here to focus on needs at this point. 
I know what it takes to make sure you have the kind of opportunity you deserve. 
Let me tell you that I am opposed to a tax reduction for the election year, whether it is the 10% tax reduction promised to taxpayers by my opponent in this debate tonight, or the $27.5 billion tax reduction promised by President Carter on August 20. 
You know, I'm just saying facts about your racing companion. 
And you also added the crime. 
That president took $5. 6 trillion surplus and turned it into a deficit in view of the eye. 
It's called the Buffett rule. 
I've never seen people as physically disturbed as the Bush administration team because of what was happening to the economy. 
But I think we should find a way to allow some kind of civic union, and I basically agree with Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman. 
John Kerry and I will always fight for the American people. 
The bishop of the same church said it was a shame. 
Because we'll do what they didn't do. 
He was a good neighbour in Latin America because he was a good neighbour in the United States; because they saw us as a compassionate society, who cared about the people, who moved this country forward. 
We had fun with Crystal Gayle and Loretta Lynn, and they got up and sang, went to small towns and I talked about agriculture. 
I'm talking about taking guns off gangs and people who use them. 
And speaking of not resigning, I spend my money for this campaign; both parties spend your money, the taxpayers' money. 
NIH is doing a good job of research. 
WELKER: President Trump, I want to stay on the issue of race. 
And I want to make sure we focus on the programs that work. 
A president has to do this. 
TRUMP: They'll be careful, but they want their schools to be open. 
We're just in a period -- we have to work to bring it -- my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, and I'm glad he did. 
Our radio and television audience should be aware that candidates have received an equal allocation of auditorium seats for their supporters. 
If you receive interest from a bank, if you receive a return from a mutual fund or any other type of investment you have, you don't have to worry about filing taxes on it, because there will be no tax on anyone making $200.0. 0 per year and less, on your interest, dividends and capital gains. 
However, I attribute much of America's economic and international problems to the failures and mistakes of the Bush administration. 
I hear there's rumors on the Internet (sic) that we're going to have a draft. 
Over the next four years, we will continue to emphasize excellence in every class in America so that our children will have the chance to fulfill America's great promise. 
I believe that discipline and respect for the law, all these things, should be taught to children, not to our schools, but to families. 
For a while, as I remember, it even seems to me that there was a question of legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana and other drugs, and I think that's all wrong. 
He did not take this position on Tibet. 
I want to have an income supplement over $5 n.e. must compensate for lost time, because I want to invest in you. 
Put everyone who breathes at work. 
(Laughter) And the rest of my minute, I would like to make a very brief comment here on Saddam Hussein. 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, a minute and a half. 
And Governor Romney says he has a five-point plan? 
I think they believe in the Monroe Doctrine. 
More money is needed and I spend more money, but the first step is to make sure that we reform the system to have the system in place that doesn't leave a child behind. 
But Vice-President Gore mentioned that 600,000 people died in Rwanda in 1994. 
The federal government has not told everyone what kind of training programs they must have and what kind of Medicaid they must have. 
I'm the product of a public school. 
It's a black church just outside Washington, DC. 
Let's see where we're from. 
Now the priorities are simply very different. 
It is a kind of mentality before 10 September, the hope that failed resolutions and inspections would make this world a more peaceful place. 
It is the kind of state of mind that says the sanctions were working. 
Now, we have the highest spending of Senator Obama's campaign than ever since Watergate. 
He's a democrat. 
We will probably have to slow down this n.e. also make sure that we are not going to move forward with the government's tax reduction proposals -- from John McCain, the current one for people who earn more than $250,000, or $130 billion this year alone. 
The number two is for the people who arrive who are young, what I do to ensure that we can keep the health insurance in place for them is to allow them either to choose the current health insurance program or a private plan. 
No, it's not. 
Again, I don't want to go and come, but he... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: No, that's good. 
What do you say to the Americans, the people of color who... [crosstalk] TRUMP: Well, it was very — I'm not saying anything. 
Mr.President, we're going to extend for a minute... BUSH: Let me just -- I have to answer that. 
But as to whether Mr.Mondale would be strong, as he said, I know that he has a pub where he appears on the bridge of the Nimitz and watch the F - 14 take off. 
I would not be able to meet him, however, unless there were preparations for this conference that would give us reasonable certainty - reasonable certainty - that you were going to have some success. 
The Senate has not yet voted on the Strategic Arms Control Treaty. 
There is a significant difference in your view of the role of the federal government and that of Senator Dole. 
President Lincoln opposed the war and there were people who said he shouldn't be president, but I think he made us a good president in time of war. 
First of all, they're news reports in the newspaper. 
But why? 
Recognize the hundreds of injured and maimed Nebraska, Iowa and elsewhere in the Midwest that, in this case, deregulation may have gone too far and that the government should reaffirm itself in protecting workers' rights. 
In a way, he went to a more extreme place when it comes to social policy. 
I do not agree with almost everything he says or does, but I respect that. 
So I have just negotiated with the President of Mexico the North American Free Trade Agreement -- and the Prime Minister of Canada, I could add -- and I want to have more of these free trade agreements, because export jobs are growing much faster than jobs that have moved abroad. 
She said that the Clinton administration test will not be the signing of a bill or the passing of a bill. 
It has to be changed. 
I don't think the Americans get their money from the majority party that runs this Congress. 
It was a great opportunity. 
It's using an axe to cut the federal budget. 
That's absolutely true. 
First, we're going to tell the American people the truth. 
Four years later. 
And I think it's time for the rich and the societies to pay their fair share to support this country. 
HEARING_QUESTION: We have come to a position where we are in the new world order, and I would like to know what candidates think our position is in this new world order, and what are our responsibilities as a superpower? 
So I rolled the dice, I put my career online because I really believe America's future is online. 
It's just a down payment, in my opinion. 
It's Scott Zubowski. 
You waited a minute. 
And the way we're going to do it is to have a whole new Congress. 
STOCKDALE: I think a woman owns her body and what she does with it is her own business, her own period. 
Small businesses across America will have to reduce their jobs and taxes will increase and will not be able to hire because of Senator Obama's tax policies. 
But my job is to ask two questions, sir. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: What we have right now is a framework where I would like to bring money from abroad back to this country. 
That means we have to defend American farmers and we have to reduce the regulation on American farmers. 
You see the peaks in Europe and many other places right now. 
- Bob, let me answer it. 
That's absolutely true. 
The other thing we need to focus on, however, is Al-Qaida. 
Our plan works. 
He keeps saying, "I've created 5 million jobs." 
I am very happy to make millions of children every year have health insurance, because when I was first lady, I worked with the Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. 
Our competitors don't do that. 
- Yes, sir. 
That is why it is essential to keep the line. 
I've got goods there. 
Secondly, any lasting peace must be a peace that is good for both parties. 
And in one year, you've provided $90 billion in breaks to the world of green energy. 
We have achieved extraordinary prosperity. 
What I am going to say does not apply to tonight's debate; it applies to the campaign outside this auditorium. 
I have been someone who loved my nation as many Americans do, and I believe there is no limit to what we can be in the future, if we can exploit the enormous resources - militarily, economically, and the stature of our people, the meaning of the Constitution, in the future. 
We must be a nation with an effective, robust, capable, well organized, narrowly targeted defence capability - combat capability. 
It's never gonna happen. 
One last point here. 
And we are implementing this new legislation. 
One of my disagreements with the current Administration was that I do not believe that a real effort has been made on this very sensitive subject, not only nuclear controls, but also general disarmament. 
He broke the pay rules. 
Wait a second. 
Dernière question. 
RADDATZ: And, Secretary Clinton, let me ask you a question about this, because you have asked for an increase of 10,000 to 65,000 Syrian refugees. 
Is your position now in agreement with Reagan, who, in the debate on Sunday, has come close to saying that abortion is murder? 
He's been talking about it for a long time. 
We have reduced the number of people in the army, the navy, the air force and the marines from three million, one hundred and three million, five hundred thousand to two million, one hundred thousand. 
And he'll be fine. 
Just say that this area is not eligible for capital gains tax, zero, nada. 
QUAYLE: We need to move forward -- BRUNO: No, let's move on to another subject. 
We have President Karzai, who is in power. 
What can I bring to this challenge? 
I know the morality that raises this question, and I respect it very much. 
OBAMA: And, you know, we visited the site a little bit and it still doesn't work. 
I gave him the birth certificate. 
We lost our plants. 
HEARING MEMBER: Yes. 
And because we are going to move in sixty and two, partly because we have not kept our strength strong enough in recent years, I believe that before we meet this crisis, the next President of the United States should send a message to Congress calling for a revitalization of our military force, because we will face the most serious crisis in Berlin in the spring or late winter in 149 or 50 years. 
Mr. IFILL: Senator. 
He's a guy who says you don't have to have mileage standards for cars that exist now. 
I want families to have a choice. 
KENNEDY: Well, can I first correct a statement that was made before, that in my agricultural program food prices would rise by twenty-five percent. That's not true. 
It's when the crime fell, it didn't go up. 
People who had the money profited from it. 
And this discussion about it -- this weakness. I don't understand what my friend's talking about. 
This has not proved effective and, therefore, I think the best way to prosecute the criminal, the individual who commits a crime in possession of a weapon and uses that weapon for part of his criminal activity. 
He said, maybe we should drop them a nuclear weapon, and they could leave. 
She said she was thinking about nuclear weapons - and the control of nuclear weapons. 
And welcome to this second presidential debate, sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
It would be a repeal of our agreement with NATO. 
And I love my friend here. 
I've always refused to draw a line. 
There aren't any. 
JENNINGS: Governor, the crisis is no less a crisis for you if you are elected president. 
So I know it can work, I saw it happen. 
And secondly, does this general drift mean that we are going back to something like an old cold war relationship with the Soviet Union? 
Not us. 
Just a second. 
Here they are again: a $1,500 tuition tax credit, a $10,000 tax deduction so that no family pays money tax for college tuition, capital gains eliminated for the sale of a home, tax relief for first-time home buyers and health care expenses, and a $500 children's tax credit. 
I have, of course, supported these efforts that the United States has had to deploy militarily and I objected to what I do not think. 
Now I speak with some confidence of our plan, because I have taken over a state - California - 10% of the population of this nation - a state that, if it were a nation, would be the world's seventh economic power. 
And the only rewarding thing is that I saw the polls coming today, and with all that money...HOLT: We have to move on to the last question. 
More and more people are improving. 
I'll keep social security in a safe and it'll pay off the national debt. 
The police are cut off from the streets of America because the president decided to cut off the PSC program. 
There's nothing wrong with that. 
Let us move on to Milosevic and Yugoslavia, and this is part of the zone of our military power. 
A question from John Mashek. 
I think they're gonna choose it, because it's a net over $5 billion for them. 
His life is built on his faith. 
FERRARO: I do not support the use of quotas. 
I have worked to support our country as the strongest force in the world for peace and freedom, prosperity and security. 
Now, I understand that it was extended for some time next year. 
Sean Hannity said very loudly to me and other people — he's ready to say it, but no one wants to call him. 
I want to amend these provisions. 
Yes, 30 seconds, please. 
Bob, I just need to comment on this. 
It happened right away. 
Actually, I wouldn't support him if I thought so. 
Lindsey ? 
We conducted a campaign based on questions, not insults. 
That's not the main problem. 
I was proud of the fact that, after training my firm and senior staff, the University of New York in Albany conducted a survey of the 50 states and concluded that mine had more women in leadership positions than any other state in America. 
That's really interesting, because the president used this plan as a reason for seniors to accept his prescription drug plan. 
Unemployment is on the rise, personal incomes are falling, bankruptcies are on the rise, construction starts are falling. 
And you know how you can trust me about that? 
All of this would be lost if we followed Senator Obama's plan to have specific dates with withdrawal, regardless of the conditions on the ground. 
If a black baby is born - and it's true also for Puerto Ricans and Mexicans in some of our cities - he has about half the chance to go to high school than a white baby. 
The electrical withdrawal bill that I fought and signed in Texas has mandatory emission standards, Mr. Vice President. 
But until we are strong here, until we move here, I believe that a summit could not succeed. 
Hundreds of thousands of discouraged workers have stopped looking for work. 
GORE: I am very committed to clean water and air, and I clean up new types of challenges such as global warming. 
For me, it is both a need to help move Pakistan in the right direction, and to ensure that Afghanistan is ready and ready by the end of 2014. 
And we almost did. 
We have Iran four years closer to a nuclear bomb. 
The collapse of the family contributes to the problems we face in urban America. 
And, you know, yes, did we have any fights between me and the Republicans when -- when they fought against us in the excesses of Wall Street? Absolutely, because it was a fight you had to have. 
This is not the end of the process, it is the beginning of the process. 
I want to see if he buys it. 
Part of this experience is called "the discourse." This happens regardless of class and income — parents who feel that they have no choice but to prepare their children for the chance that they can be targeted, including by the police, for no reason other than the colour of their skin. 
It could also be many other people. 
Not at all. 
This means that these cars can be exported, because it's demand all over the world, and it also means that it will save money in your pocket book. 
That's the main thing that's growing in the budget. 
And this is where we have a major disagreement with the Governor of Massachusetts. 
Go ahead, Mr. Trump. 
I did not suggest that there should be a link between Iraq and 11 September, but there is clearly an Iraqi record of terror. 
We encourage it and work with industry. 
Barbara, you asked that question twice. 
We should not remain in the past, nor even in the present. 
In other words, we can negotiate many of these points of difference between us without going to the top. 
You have two minutes to answer. 
It will not increase taxes on anyone who earns less than $400,000 a year – 
Soldiers know it's not done yet. 
He's ruined on the abortion issue. 
We have a budget deficit in the federal government, but we also have an investment, a job, and an income deficit. 
We learned that Bernie Sanders was put to use by your people, by Debbie Wasserman Schultz. 
And as Americans, our generation should protect this wonderful land for our children. 
First in American history. 
Mr. Lodge, on "Meet the Press" a month ago, said that if there was a case where we didn't have a law, it was in the U-2 incident. 
The reason that Magic Johnson resigned from the AIDS Commission is that the statement you heard this evening from Mr. Bush is the longest and best statement he has made on this subject in public. 
We succeeded in Portugal, where a year ago there seemed to be a very great possibility that the Communists would take over in Portugal. 
But in the past, Governor Romney said he just wanted to repeal Dodd- Frank, back. 
Stop, stop tearing up the forest. 
You need to be very careful about this because you need to protect people who are already in the pipeline. 
We must stop some of these frivolous trials. 
Wrong. 
There's a man here tonight named George McKinney of Milwaukee. 
Build a bunch of them, create millions of new jobs. 
I don't know where John's gonna find his numbers. 
That's why we have a plan to create jobs, get rid of tax cuts for businesses that outsource your jobs, and give tax cuts to businesses that keep jobs here in America. 
Even in cases of rape and incest, their platform requires that a woman be penalized, that she not be allowed to make a choice, if she believes, in consultation with her family, doctor, and others, who she chooses, that she wants to abort after rape, or incest. 
McGee, there are about one hundred and four goods that have some kind of exhaustion allowance - different types of minerals, including oil. 
And I think that's probably the most important consideration in choosing a vice president, someone who could take over. 
Provide more preventive care. 
He raised the deficit in China, not in decline, with China, not in decline. 
A few weeks ago, in fact, probably a month ago, I saw a mother I met at her son's bedside, who had been shot dead in that theater. 
The top 2% to which you refer, which lowers you to $64,000; then you have a deficit of about $40 billion -- which brings you down to $36,000 per year. 
When you cut capital gains, you put people to work. 
In Portland, Oregon in particular, we have had more than a hundred consecutive days of demonstrations, which I think you would agree, you are talking about peaceful demonstrations. 
Michael Dukakis, I wouldn't talk about it either. 
DUKAKIS: Well, Andrea, today we have 13,000 strategic nuclear warheads, on land, in the air and in the sea. 
They want equal pay for comparable efforts for women. 
Did you predict this layoff, uh-- this increase in layoffs? 
We must revive the growth of this country and of this economy once again strong or we cannot reduce the deficit. 
And I'm even the son of a man who started working at night on a bakery truck may end up being a candidate for the vice president of the United States. 
I mean, I sat in my apartment today in a very nice hotel down the street known as Trump... CLINTON: Made with Chinese steel. 
I want them to say that these are the years when the tide came; these are the years when the United States started moving again. 
In my view, we should provide tax relief to middle-class people. 
He doesn't, like almost everything he talks about. 
And I have a different vision for America. 
I know how to eliminate programs. 
I come from a very modest environment. 
With regard to the non-functioning reset, the fact is that Russia has a different interest in Syria than we do, and that is not in our interest. 
Perhaps we will have another debate on the economy. 
I have a little problem myself, but... 
He took the position, when he first indicated in October of last year, that he would even prefer compulsory arbitration as one of the weapons that the president might have to stop a national emergency strike. 
Secondly, I believe that, since it is much better for the United States, rather than focusing our aid, particularly in the underdeveloped world, on surplus military equipment, we have contributed three hundred million dollars of surplus military equipment to Laos. 
Strategic Defence Initiative KALB: Mr President, when you made this proposal, the so-called Star Wars proposal, you said, if I am not mistaken, that you would share this very sophisticated technology with the Soviet Union. 
DUKAKIS: No, and I have to (Applause) DUKAKIS: I just have to correct the file. 
The Administration has tried to do so on several occasions, repeatedly in 81 82. 
Again, a woman could pay more money because she has a pre-existing pregnancy condition. 
What's this? 
It doesn't have to be. 
The question is for the next president, are we making good judgments on how to keep America safe precisely because sending our soldiers into the battle is a huge step. 
PENCE: ... reform government programs so that we can meet the obligations of social security and health insurance. 
BENTSEN: Well, I think reading "Winds of War" and "Guns of August" back to back - I think it really shows you how we make the same mistakes too often, over and over again. 
TRUMP: I don't care about the publication — I'm the subject of a routine audit. 
People are voting right now. 
You never charge them anything. 
I hope, in the context of a different monetary policy, that it will be possible to reduce this burden of interest rates, at least $1 billion. 
And I don't think there's a problem with an honest person who finds himself representing an interest in another country to do his cause. 
I'd go beyond that. 
The only way to bring this country together is to bring everyone together. 
- Grenade. 
I was there as an observer on behalf of Congress. 
In fact, the statement that Senator Kennedy made was that - to the effect that there were Republicans happy to trigger, that my position on Quemoy and Matsu was an indication of Republicans happy to trigger. 
Through the legislature, I have terminated the individual mandate. 
As far as social security is concerned, I hope there will be more time than this minute to mention it, but I will say this: a president should never say "never". 
You know. 
He's on tape as grateful that he knew it. 
And it is very unfair for them what our politicians allow to happen. 
And one of the things I want to do is make sure that we offer incentives so that you can buy an energy-efficient car that is made here in the United States of America, not Japan or South Korea, by making sure that you are able to weather your home or make your business more energy-efficient. 
If they win - and I hope they don't - but if they win, they will have to consider certain points of view. 
Excuse me, he left me a mess, Kristen. 
QUESTION: Governor Romney, I am an undecided voter, because I am disappointed by the lack of progress I have seen over the past four years. 
Then we'll have Mr. Kraft's next question to Governor Carter. 
It's not that they're not friendly; it's just that they're gonna take America backwards. 
REAGAN: Well, Barbara, I think there is a fundamental difference - and I think it was obvious in most of the answers that Mr. Carter gave tonight - that he is looking for a solution to something else for a federal government program. 
They say that if you're caught with a gun, you're automatically detained. 
And the same would apply to combat service in the army and so on. 
RADDATZ: But what would you do other than President Obama? 
SPIVAK: Senator, after that, how would you increase the prestige you say we are losing, and could the programs you have designed to do so be carried out without absolutely ruining our economy? 
And I'm trying not to. 
The answer is that the United States cannot afford to have an es - a lack of espionage or if we should - or should I say - a delay of intelligence - more than we can afford to have a delay of missile. 
Secondly, we have all committed ourselves, like all my predecessors in the Oval Office, not to allow the spread of nuclear weapons to a terrorist nation or any other nation that does not currently have such weapons or explosive capabilities. 
You're talking about two different topics. 
The fact -- the question is to tell the truth. 
Yes. 
Mike Dukakis and Lloyd Bentsen offer you an experienced, skilled leadership to meet these challenges of the future. 
You talked about education and I'm glad you did. 
But the best way to protect this homeland is to stay on the offence. 
Moreover, there is a strange dichotomy in all this position about the decision of our courts that abortion is not the taking of a human life. 
I'm not saying it's perfect, but the difference between El Salvador and Nicaragua is like the difference between night and day. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Yes. 
You bet we can govern because we will be there together and we will find what to do, and you will not tolerate interference, you will not tolerate endless wandering and wandering, and you will not tolerate non-performance. 
Now there are other differences between the Perot approach and what we see here on both sides of me, and that has something to do with us wanting to focus our economic and military interests more towards the Pacific. 
BROKAW: Senator Quayle, we are all experiencing an experience that helps shape our adult philosophy in one form or another. 
As president, are you going to consider a big deal, an agreement that includes both tax increases and benefit reductions to try to save both programs? 
And it's very important. 
I choose education and health care, the environment and retirement safety, and I ask for your support. 
And the proof, the proof of whether a strategy works or not, is the price you pay at the pump. 
It is carried out within the framework of health and safety protocols designed by the Commission's health safety adviser. 
Let's go see John Mashek again. 
I'm looking at you now, you're a politician. 
We have passed a crime bill that contains 60 new provisions on the death penalty. 
He said he'd hire 60 more people if we cut the capital gains tax. 
EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency, kills these energy companies. 
Whether it helps or not, I don't know. 
RADDATZ: Gentlemen, I would like to move on to a very simple question for both of you, and something tells me that I will not get a very simple answer, but let me ask you this question. 
It's... [crosstalk] KAINE: Our plan is like Ronald Reagan's from 1986 onwards. 
President Ford, your answer. 
There's good news from Belgrade today, Bernie, as you know. 
We do not invest this surplus as a pension fund. 
Pakistan is a very important element in this regard. 
I don't care about these corporate areas; let's try them, but not as a substitute for others. 
We should not have called Bashar Assad a reformer when he turned his weapons supplied by the Russians on his own people. 
When you see the Israeli building in Lebanon after the death of our marines, you see that, struck by terrorism, the Israelis, with all their experience in the fight against terrorism, you know that it is difficult. 
As I said earlier, Dana Crist of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, who runs a small manufacturing or distribution centre in Lancaster, said she, as an entrepreneur, would launch a brand new plant if the federal government reduced the cost of capital. It wants the capital gains rate to be reduced. 
His principal education advisor is in prison He's in prison because he betrayed the trust of the public. 
I thought it was pretty hard to do. 
They didn't form a unit group, a council of some kind. 
I mean, you're gonna sit there in a box wrapped in plastic? 
If they did, we would certainly do it. 
When many voters enter this booth in a week from today, they will vote their instincts for you men. 
Talking about mixed messages. 
So, are you ready? 
Mr. Perot, even if you have what people say is the courage to make changes in the most popular, the most sacred of rights, Medicare, people say you don't have a prayer to pass anything to Washington. 
A young woman was killed, and they asked the president what he thought. 
The people who stayed with you must stand with them. 
John Kerry, like me, was quite consistent about Iraq. 
I was lucky enough to be governor of a state. 
For the first time, we cracked the top 10, 10 safest states, because we worked on what I learned as mayor and governor. 
In this segment, you will each have two uninterrupted moments. 
Number three, if people really have a mind to change, they can. 
When I was a member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, I had access to many classified documents. 
Mr. MICHAELSON: Mr. Speaker, if there was a vacancy in the Supreme Court and you had the opportunity to fill this position today, who would you choose and why? 
That's the last question, the last answer. 
I have to say now on fairness that you will be allowed to applaud at the end of your closing statement, so if you start now, please. 
Over 300,000 people have reduced the size of the federal government. 
It's not credible. 
I think it's a mistake. 
And I said, you know, we have 50,000 soldiers here in Japan, protecting Asian democracies. 
But she lied about a lot of things.I would be a president for all the people, Afro-Americans, the inner cities. 
He doesn't know how. 
What he proposes after more than a trillion new debts that have been added to the federal debt over the past eight years, an OI our children and grandchildren will pay for years, is a tax reduction for the richest per cent of the population in this country, an average of about $30,000 that we are going to give to people who earn $200,000 a year. 
I said we had too many slums. 
Mr SCHIEFFER: I would like to try to change my mind, because we have heard about it in the other debates. 
We spend 14 or 15 percent." 
It was largely because of tax policies that reduced taxes on the rich, failed to invest in the middle class, took Wall Street's eyes off, and created a perfect m.n., Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. 
And all Americans will open their wallets and their hearts to do so. 
I don't want to kill jobs in this environment. 
Positive Action: Do you see a need for affirmative action programs, or have we advanced enough that we no longer need to use race and gender as a factor in school admissions and federal and state contracts, etc.- Is that what you're saying? 
So you don't think, Vice President Gore, that we should take sides and solve this problem now? 
I think credibility is important. 
How many of these countries are we going to invade? 
To do this, we need to improve our extraction of coal from the ground; we need to improve our use of coal - making it more efficient and cleaner. 
That's what I think. 
If you were president, how would you stop this departure of gold from our coasts? 
We are talking about the problem – 
And I think it would be, uh - it would be, uh, easy to accomplish, to get jobs down, without having strong inflationary pressures that it would be necessary. 
And I think it's a very good trait. 
People have their checks, and they will continue to have them. 
In my opinion, hard money, tight monetary policy, and the fiscal policy of this administration contributed to the slowdown in our economy, which helped to cause the recession of fifty-four; which made the recession of fifty-eight rather intense, and which slowed our economic activity somewhat in 1960. 
And I think it's so important. 
But I was fighting for a veto on a line, and I would certainly oppose any pork barrel bill. 
And Business Week, which is not a democratic publication, said that this proposal by Reagan-Kemp-Roth - and I quote them, I think - was totally irresponsible and would lead to inflationary pressures that would destroy this nation. 
As I mentioned a moment ago, the President has always indicated that we must not make the mistake of dealing with the dictator to indicate that we are going to make a concession to the point of being armed. 
And I would add that my administration - and I am very proud of it - is the first administration that took antitrust action against companies in that country that would have cooperated with the Arab boycott. 
Small businesses are flourishing. 
Why, sir, are they dangerous? 
Please vote. 
And when you go to Japan, where we spend 6-1/2 percent on the defense of democracies, they spend 1 percent. 
NATO is now more than ever contributing to our common defence. 
Another follow-up to the Vice-President's debate. 
Didn't they get yours or mine? 
They're people who care, they're trying to give themselves up. 
But the Republican leaders of the House and the Senate will not even let us vote. 
We want a lively debate, but the Americans also deserve a civil discussion. 
With half of the graduate students this year without a university -- excuse me, without work. 
I know we need to ban partial abortions at birth. 
In fact, I've studied your plan, and it includes the renovation of 4 million buildings, the meteorization of 2 million houses over four years, the construction of one and a half million energy efficient houses. 
(LAUGHTER) Senator McCain, for you, we have our first question about the Internet tonight. 
She asked me, can you please make sure that another mother doesn't go through what I'm going through? 
And once they feel safe, they lead a normal, social, economic, political life, the same thing that is happening in Iraq today. 
But I do not confuse words with force, and in my opinion if the summit were useful, if it had brought us closer to peace, rather than the lie that we have said - which has been criticized by all those responsible subsequently - it would have been much better for us to follow the common diplomatic procedure of expressing regret and then try to move on. 
Without preconditions. 
Expenditure on support for dependent children is increasing. 
And good management to preserve peace requires that we control events and try to intercept them before they become a crisis. 
But beyond that, we must tackle the economy. 
Now, how do you think you will be able to get them in January - KENNEDY: And although you take the invoices - VANOCUR: - if you were not able to get them in August? 
You saw how well it worked. 
We have put in place a new government that has only been in power for 90 days. 
NIXON: Mr.Cronkite, I know of course, because, of course, I'm paying attention to everything Senator Kennedy and Senator Fulbright say. 
It's their choice. 
That's why there was this deadly silence in this plant. 
It's not my fault she came here. 
We also have a plan to expand access to education. 
Now, keep in mind that we have four times the number of troops in Iraq, where no one had anything to do with September 11 before entering, where, in fact, there was no Al-Qaida before entering, but we have four times more troops there than in Afghanistan. 
And at this point, we can choose from a variety of plans and develop new plans. 
Secondly, I think your plan -- a lot of detail in your plan, Mr. Vice-President, with all due respect. 
We must provide quality education for all our citizens, and not just for the privileged few. 
I cannot be more precise, because until we have seen what Mr Khrushchev is doing and what he is saying, we cannot indicate what our plans will be. 
It's a scandalous statement. 
I will sit with them, Democrats and Republicans, and work for my agenda for American renewal, which represents a real change. 
But at the time I submitted the Sinai Agreement to the United States Congress, I submitted every document that was applicable to the Sinai II Agreement. 
Today, there is no shortage of dollars, yet many of these countries continue to oppose our goods. 
I had to tell the democrats. 
But we know some people he tried to appoint to the court he wants. 
Where there are two car systems. 
Let us now turn to the question of jobs. 
I doubt many Americans would agree with that. 
Senator McCain likes to talk about assignments. 
I take full responsibility. 
There is now more oil in the wells that have been drilled than in 121 years that they have been drilled. 
And I think that we are better, for example with the Philippines, trying to maintain our friendship and help them correct the wrongs we see, rather than throwing them to wolves and then facing a communist power in the Pacific. 
We must make this next century the century of the individual. 
And the only way to do this is to adopt strong legislation so that once apprehended, charged, convicted, they are in prison and out of the street and do not use weapons in the commission of a crime. 
And, Senator Obama, when he said -- and he signed a document that said that he would take public funds for his campaign if I did -- it was back when he was a long-time candidate -- you didn't keep your word. 
The timing of the campaign's funding reform is after the elections. 
For me, that's what this is about. 
None of them chose a communist government. 
But continuing to commit billions to this system makes no sense, and I think Mr Bush has reconsidered his position in recent weeks. 
And, by the way, the 200,000 people who died under his supervision, how many of them survived? 
All right. 
Each of the joint chiefs will testify to the fact that the state of preparedness is at a high historical level. 
WALLACE: During the last... TRUMP: The other things are wrong, but honestly, I'd like to talk about getting rid of ISIS, and I'd like to talk about other things... WALLACE: OK. TRUMP: ...but these other accusations, as she knows, are false. 
We can use technology. 
with McCain, not only as governor, but earlier as mayor, as regulator of oil and gas, as business owner. 
You need to reform Congress, they need to be servants of the people again, you need to reform the White House. 
I would also like to tell him that there are things that have happened in this campaign and that happen in every campaign that I am sure we both regret that someone has said, especially in these -- these new special groups that can go there, collect all the money they want, don't have to identify, that say the most sneaky things about the other candidate. 
But let me talk about something the president just finished. 
BIDEN: We had good relations with Hitler before he invaded Europe, the rest of Europe. 
That's kind of one of those exaggerations. 
Talk. 
And where are we? 
I want to cut it off so that companies stay in the United States of America and create jobs. 
No one should doubt that, at least of all our potential opponents or opponents. 
If we can defend our economy, we must be able to preserve the democratic interests of the Chinese people. 
I want this to be streamlined. 
I said it was a mistake. 
Can you help me understand that? 
So I'm going to make the commitment and stay on the issues. 
The next question is asked of Governor Clinton for two minutes. 
I don't think Washington bureaucrats should tell anyone if they can use contraceptives or not. 
Thirty seconds. 
He said it on tape. That's what I said. That's what I said. 
PENCE: – but many climate alarmists use hurricanes and forest fires to try to – 
No answer to a question shall exceed two minutes. 
Mr. MONDALE: You said that when President Carter said you were going to cut off the health insurance, and you said, "Oh, no, you're coming back, sir. 
I'm for value-added processing. 
I think the issue should be broadened. 
Secretary Clinton, we have to... five million houses have been lost. 
I don't know what to say. 
Barbara Walters of ABC News, who appeared in her fourth presidential debate, is our moderator. 
The Russians and the French fly commercial airliners back to Baghdad and rush their noses before the international sanctions regime, and of course the UN inspectors have been expelled and there has been absolutely no response. 
Another one that is, uh - it's very important is the uh - business deductions, uh - jet, uh - first-class travel, $50 martini lunch. 
Life is so miserable for people they're leaving. 
If we do these things, we will build this bridge into the 21st century and the largest country in history will be even greater. 
And that's how I behaved as governor of Texas, and that's how I'll behave as president of the United States, if I had the chance to win your vote. 
And my daughters and my wife are people who are filled with that sense of what is right, which is wrong. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): First of all, allow me not to agree with the President on sharing with the Soviet Union the most advanced, the most dangerous and the most important technology in America. 
We landed on this east bank, then we went to the mountains, meadows, deserts and distant mountains from the west to the Pacific, building cities and farms, schools and churches. 
We want to work with them and build a new relationship, and they want to work with us. 
This is one of the most correlative elections we have d. d. that's why I tried to put in place specific policies and plans, trying to get him out of the staff and put him on what I want to do as president. 
I want to make America as big as possible and I ask you to help it do so. 
Do you not ignore the reality? 
I think it would be a terrible mistake and bring us back upside down.I want a Supreme Court that does not always take sides for the interests of companies. 
It was sent to you. 
The fact is that the allegiance commitment was the acid test of one person's patriotism - the vice-president has been the president of the United States Senate for seven and a half years. 
Everyone knows that, including the people of the Pentagon. 
They are seriously wondering whether or not a system will be left to them. 
You know, WikiLeaks just came out -- John Podesta said horrible things about you, and, boy, he was right. 
They are American citizens, we care deeply about them. 
For the first time in history, you will tax people's health care benefits. 
Second, Senator Dole made rather harsh comments about special interest money, but I am not the one who is opposed to what we tried to do to save the lives of children who were subjected to tobacco, who went to the tobacco producers and who boasted about defending the federal government when we tried to stop advertising, marketing and selling tobacco to children. 
You don't discuss him with me. 
But the challenge is to know when the United States of America can take advantage of the outcome of a crisis, when to go and when not, when the American military power is worth the expense of our most precious treasure. 
What we are doing in this country, the kind of society we are building, which will indicate whether freedom will be maintained anywhere in the world. 
OBAMA: That's the strategy you need, a comprehensive strategy, and that's what we're going to do in the next four years. 
And if I interpret it correctly, it would be a comment more addressed to the rich who, of course, can look beyond the bread they need to support them, with their means. 
Let's check the tape. 
It's art. o diplomacy is very important. 
Why do your discussions and proposals not reflect the real complexity and difficulty of the issues in trying to reach consensus on the best aspects of all the proposals? 
I think it's time to have a truce. 
This question concerns your administrative performance as President. 
I believe that we have negotiated with the Soviet Union since I was president of a position of strength. 
So I'd just say, you know, look at us all three. 
Border security, the remoteness of foreign criminals, respect for the law, and then — but then, senator, I will work with you when you return to the Senate, I promise you, we will work with you to reform the immigration system. 
We've created a 10 percent band to help low-income Americans. 
Now, this tax bill - which has not yet arrived at the White House, but is expected in a day or two - is about fifteen hundred pages. 
Nouvelle question. 
Second, we need to work with cities and others to foster economic growth in these communities -- through the Urban Development Assistance Program. 
Thank you, Mr President. 
Apparently, you can't take any tests under his vision of the world. 
Governor Clinton, you have a minute, sir. 
I've spent a lot of my life there. 
Number two, let's look at the story. 
And that's what our message would be to the world under Bob Dole as Commander-in-Chief of the United States of America. 
Governor Romney then wants to spend $2 trillion on other military programs, even if the military does not ask for them. 
A specific relevant rapid. 
I love Meg Whitman, she knows what it's like to be there on the market. 
Let's see where we were when we got to the office. 
He is the Chair of the Health Committee. 
They push the continuation of a tax reduction that will give another $500 billion in tax reductions to 120,000 families. 
I wouldn't work hard to support them. 
But I believe that we can now establish at the White House a good relationship with Congress, a good relationship with our people, setting very high goals for our country. 
This, for me, is a very important difference between him and me in this election, and I believe that the American people will judge accordingly. 
There's nothing to do with that. 
One of our first officers was a woman, the chief of finance. She was a director. 
If Yugoslaviaâ€TMs Slobodan Milosevic wins, despite the results of the elections, would you support its overthrow? 
In fact, some T-shirts that are very... OBAMA: John, I... MCCAIN: ...unacceptable. 
So all you can do in that is keep pushing, using every little diplomatic pressure you can, what you can do in the way of economic pressure in addition to that. 
That's what his FBI director said. 
We have worked closely with the foreign ministers of France, Germany and Great Britain, who have conveyed the message to the mullahs that if you expect to be part of the world of nations, get rid of your nuclear programmes. 
But I know that we have serious financial problems in this country. 
I believe it. 
I met a young woman in Philadelphia coming out of college, who can't find a job. 
We could provide logistical support, create a no-fly zone at a relatively low cost to us, but we can only do so if we can help mobilize the international community and lead. 
Nixon suggests that the United States go to war if these two islands are attacked. 
I would never give up full control or practical control of the Panama Canal area, but I would continue to negotiate with the Panamanians. 
And I thank the committee, too. 
You should have come to the Senate and voted in his favour. 
But I also think that we should give a little credit to the President of the United States. 
Tell me what your strategy is. 
Here's four. 
The fact is that the president had the opportunity to stand up and take China for currency manipulation. 
But I also recognize that as two great superpowers in the world, we must live with each other. 
Now that it is estimated to create 800,000 jobs, the problem is that they will not be there, they will be in places like China. 
Second, 95 per cent of U.S. small businesses, their owners earn less than $250,000 a year. 
With regard to climate change, the climate is changing. 
(Laughs) BUSH: Well -- (APPLACEMENT) 
Mr. Nixon is part of this administration. 
We need to renegotiate our trade agreements. 
He's better than he was four years ago. 
That's what's wrong with Mr. Bush. 
Does that mean his program is better than ours? 
BUSH: Well, I don't have time in 30 seconds, or anything -- a minute -- to talk about our health care reform plan. 
I think this is a very important message to convey. 
and paralysis in the treatment of Afghanistan and Iran. 
REAGAN: I know the president is supposed to answer me, but sometimes I find it difficult to connect what he says, with what I said or with my positions. 
For me, that's the key. 
I respect the President, I respect the Presidency, and I think he knows that. 
But that's not gonna happen. 
They said it would take... 
And the amount of debt we add, to one trillion a year, is simply not moral. 
Mr. OBAMA: The -- and I simply disagree fundamentally. 
And one of the reasons I tried to make it clear is that in just 27 days, the United States of America has an important choice to make. 
It's time, Mr. President. 
We're all married to strong women. 
Now, Mr. Hankins, I think the situation you're describing is completely out of reach. 
But arrest and risk have had a huge impact on New York's security. 
I led a combat mission, my last one was above Manila. 
I would make sure that the people of the Cabinet and those who are advisors to the President are called, and I would talk to them, and I would work with them. 
We'll be back Saturday night, 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. on ABC. 
And then we're going to have to reach a balanced budget. 
And one thing we must do: Repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. 
Are we going to have religious tests when people fly in our country? 
We were talking a multitude of languages. 
And then you can sit down and say, help me do what we should do for the cities. 
But there is also no excuse for the riots and looting that followed. 
This puts us on a road to Greece. 
I don't agree with both. 
And we are organizing trade relations with countries other than China so that it begins to feel more pressure on compliance with fundamental international standards. 
When these presidential debates took place just four years ago, I remember the outgoing President, who was willing to debate, President Ford, telling the American people that he should simply not vote for someone who had promised more than he could. 
Let me let Secretary Clinton in. 
Methane. 
Look, I... I mean, these guys bet against America all the time. 
- Thank you. 
Before we move forward tonight, we would like to observe a moment of silence in memory of Governor Mel Carnahan of Missouri, who, along with his son and former Chief of Staff, died in a private plane accident last night near Saint-Louis. 
The rule of a man, of a vote, which is a very important rule that has put an end to the unjustified influence in the parsley legislature - the populated areas of the states. 
I think we could share more fully the responsibilities of the Panama Canal area with Panama. 
And we've got big problems with that. 
In 1992, we passed a bill that encouraged states to adopt programs to prevent children from smoking. 
So what we have to do is control it, growth. 
So what I want to do is call Republicans and Democrats to forget the whole debate and finger pointed, and get together and take care of our prescription drug program for seniors, which says we're going to pay for poor seniors, we're going to help all seniors with prescription drugs. 
He should have produced it long before. 
I don't like the way John Ashcroft applied it, and we're gonna change a few things. 
Patrice's question was whether you model a positive and appropriate behavior for today's youth? 
And that's what this country should be g. e build roads and they cost two, three and four times what they're supposed to cost. 
The League is a non-partisan organization. 
We've done an incredible job on health care. 
People lose their jobs, they commit suicide. 
And the reason why it's a problem to go buy state by state, you know what insurance companies are going to do? 
ELLIS: Governor Reagan, over the past four years, the consumer price index has risen from 4. 
You're talking about a fight. 
An independent polling station selected an audience of 209 uncommitted voters from this region. 
There was a difference between Iran and what happened in Lebanon. 
The Bible says there will always be wars and rumors of wars. 
First of all, I thank him for his service to our country. 
They are moving backwards on the definition of wetlands. 
But let us stop labeling each other and let us go to the heart of the question that is the future of this country. 
Polls are open on time, and polls remain open until votes are counted. 
But, Senator Bentsen, first of all, I would like to ask you a question about CAP money, something I'm sure you're ready to talk about. 
There is a difference with what the President did in Kosovo that I supported and that. 
And there are two very different paths that the country can take. 
There are $2.3 trillion in surplus that we can use to ensure that young workers have a social security plan in the future. 
Prenez la transcription. 
The question to Senator Obama first. 
QUAYLE: Bill Clinton -- 
What bothers me is this growing tendency to try to use one's own personal interpretation of the political faith, to question the faith of others, and to try to use government instruments to impose these opinions on others. 
Hillary Clinton said her number one priority was a reset with Russia. 
The mission has been changed. 
You said you'd cut the deficit in half. 
It is not led by members of Congress, and what they would like to see. 
Marine drilling rights are an issue that Governor Reagan often raises. 
[Applaudissements] 
They passed the stimulus. 
The VA provides drugs at a lower cost to our veterans. 
You may not be able to have insurance because you can't afford it. 
I hope I have the same time. 
I think there's some good news there. 
Yes, I would very much like to answer. 
And in the process the negatives started. 
Without saying that you will necessarily be the loser or the winner, but that the loser concedes to the winner and that the country meets in part for the good of the country. 
GORE: In three weeks' time today, our nation will make a fatal decision. 
In addition, candidates will be treated as they wish and will therefore be called "Mr. 
He's sitting on his golf course. 
Let me just say -- let me just say. 
DUKAKIS: But did I feel a desire that perhaps Lloyd Bentsen should be your racing companion when you said there were three people on your ticket? 
America is able to help. 
There is therefore a real difference between the way in which the Mondale-Ferraro administration will tackle the problems of civil rights and the failure of this administration, particularly in this particular area. 
All right. 
In addition, we have had very good news in reducing the inflation rate. 
He can talk about Iran/Contra and also-I will make an agreement with you, I will take responsibility for these two incidents if you give me half the credit for all the good things that have happened in world peace since Ronald Reagan and I took over from the Carter administration. 
And when you look at what you're proposing... 
Worse than that, when you add on the other spending programs that our opponents committed to, plus the cost of their social security privatization plan, by our calculations, they are 1.1 trillion dollars in debt. 
I have a little way to go before I start doing this. 
We have one of the patient's most advanced rights. 
I think that allows the President to know that my only agenda is his agenda. 
I think one of the problems we have, especially for seniors, is that there is no prescription drug coverage in health insurance. 
No one should smoke, young or old, but especially young people should not smoke, but my file is here. 
One in five companies has closed. 
Remember that, George? 
But it is inappropriate for us, just because there is a problem somewhere in the world, to take the sons and daughters of the workers - and to make no mistake about it, our voluntary armed force is not composed of the sons and daughters of the beautiful people; it is the workers who send their sons and daughters to war, with few exceptions. 
If it does not stop, all fanatics will vote for Nixon and all well-thought-out Christians and Jews will vote for Kennedy rather than be found in the ranks of the Klan spirit." 
Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, your two minutes are up. 
Our economic strength is still there. 
But that there would be an answer in our life is unimaginable. 
(FOOTNOTE) \1\M. 
Yes, ma'am. 
That's the difference. 
The same old experience is irrelevant. 
This is how you create jobs and become competitive. 
And I am pleased to say that we have been included in the law most of the reforms recommended by this commission. 
GIBSON: We're going to move on, Your Honour, with a question for you. 
Look, it's the deal. 
Here are the facts. 
But underlying is job loss and loss of income. 
The question is whether the development of alternative energy sources, in order to reduce this dependence, can be done without harming the environment, and will this mean a steady increase in the fuel bill for American families? 
In the second quarter. 
We need to open up and understand the disease, we need to protect our seniors, we need to protect our seniors, we need to protect our seniors with heart problems and diabetes, and we will protect them. 
But the United States could be called the United States, but it was the unity above itself, Loners are outside. 
They deserve the resources we need to provide them and they deserve good leadership. 
It's the closest I've ever volunteered on social security. 
Because China, Germany, they make these investments. 
But don't forget, you put $90 billion, like 50 years of breaks, in the solar and wind, in Solyndra, Fisker, Tester and Ener1. 
No, I talked about it, Israel. 
Then let's turn to the defense for a moment. 
Farmers have been victims of double-digit inflation and interest rates of 21\1/2\-percent of the Carter-Mondale administration and the grain embargo, which have destroyed our national reliability as a supplier. 
I think these are quite important priorities. 
I recognized him in the trade union halls across the country. 
The age of the president, Mr. Trewhitt. 
You're looking at all the programs you've advocated, Mr. President. 
My mother and I moved my grandmother home with Alzheimer's disease. 
A tax increase, a tax on everyone in America. 
As I said before, Jim, there will be things that will eventually have to be... LEHRER: Like what? 
Mr. Nixon said that we should not consider them as pawns in the cold war; we should identify with them. 
CLINTON: So I really think that tonight's most important issue, Chris, is, at last, Donald Trump admits and condemns that the Russians are doing this and that he clearly indicates that he will not have Putin's help in this election, that he rejects Russian espionage against the Americans, that he has actually encouraged in the past? 
I can come back... ROMNEY : Well, I need to talk for a while... SCHIEFFER : OK. ROMNEY : ... 
Soyons clairs. 
Thank you. 
Mr. Greenspan, I thought I missed an opportunity to say that there is a third way to get a better rate of return from Social Security funds entering the trust. 
Dehors. 
And why I think it's outrageous -- first of all, it's not true. 
My children as participants in public school right now, it's close and dear to my heart. 
I have an Amway company. 
He's got computers. 
And we're starting -- we're not doing it exclusively -- but we're starting to go back to George Bush's unaffordable tax cut for the richest people, the people who earn more than $200,000 a year, and hopefully we're going to the McCain-Kerry Commission, which has identified some $60 billion that we can get. 
Now, I cannot, and do not, approve the kind of program that Governor Carter recommends. 
Vice President BUSH: And he just lifted martial law. 
It always works like that. 
I also believe that we should offer college scholarships to people who will agree to work as police officers, and I think that as we reduce our military forces, we should let people win their military retirement by leaving and working as police officers. 
I want the men and women of our armed forces to have the support they need to defend us; the support they need when they risk our lives to keep us free and to keep this country free. 
With the tax program I have, and if you look at the projections, it shows that we will reduce unemployment, that we will continue to win the battle against inflation, and at the same time give the kind of quality of life that I believe is possible in America. 
He likes beauty contests, supporting them and dragging them around them. 
I would like to ask the Governor to join the President in obtaining what 43 governors have, the right of veto. 
Ann Compton has a question for you, Governor Dukakis. 
So, for example, when he says, "Yours is a 5 trillion dollar cup." No, it's not. 
GIBSON: And the last question of the evening will be addressed to President Bush and it will come from Linda Grabel. 
Mr. Bush wants to spend billions on Star Wars. 
Law enforcement and the federal government can help. 
Go on. 
When Governor Romney says that we should eliminate funding for family planning, there are millions of women across the country who depend on family planning, not only contraceptive care, but also mammograms, for cervical cancer screening. 
Everybody's gone. 
Ann yesterday was at a rally in Denver and a woman came to her with a baby in her arms and said, "Ann, my husband had four jobs in three years, part-time jobs. He lost his last job and we just lost our house. Can you help us?" 
And the question is: what are the differences between you two as to how you would deal with the deficit problem in this country? 
Recently, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, two Gulf States, have reopened their diplomatic relations with Baghdad. 
Should the age and endurance of the president be a problem in the political campaign? 
That's what Joe thinks. 
I have been a member of the Small Business Committee for a long time. 
I must say, I do not think that a political campaign is an opportunity to say exactly what we would do in that case. 
No, people want their schools to be open. 
She wants to fight for the rebels. 
America can help that. 
They say they're not. 
And the Soviet Union - the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union will meet many different people. 
They set a low level of materialism. 
When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time someone asked me that, I said very lightly, I don't know, maybe, who knows? 
We need to reform education. 
My request for this year was $4.9 billion for AIDS, 10 times more for AIDS victims than for cancer victims. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Yes, I would like to ask this question to all candidates. 
But I do not believe in this nation, a nation of the First Amendment, where we do not elevate any religion from the other, and we allow people to worship as they want, that the doctrines of one religion must be mandated for everyone. 
You were the first co-sponsor of the Green New Deal. 
Gwen, with all due respect, I didn't hear a plan. 
They do it completely... 
That was about -- okay. 
Governor Reagan and his new Republican party have deviated from this commitment - a very severe blow to the possibility for women to finally correct the discrimination under which they suffered. 
Thank you for your question. 
SCHIEFFER: Let's give Senator McCain a brief answer... MCCAIN: Again... SCHIEFFER: ...and then... MCCAIN: Again, the example of Senator Obama's eloquence. 
Anthony also said, if you look back, exact words, here are his exact words: "It's not a problem, it's going to disappear soon. 
Social security issuesâ€TMs has not been addressed. 
Today, millions of people have registered because of this. 
And there's no evidence that when you raise the minimum wage, businesses disappear. 
It'll help. 
It's time for leadership. 
All this was opposed by my opponent. 
We have about 4 -- BUSH: I think he did my business. 
I think that, usually, Governor Reagan has advocated the injection of military forces into troubled areas, while I and my predecessors - Democrats and Republicans - have advocated the peaceful, diplomatic and negotiation of these problems in these difficult regions of the world. 
But when you look at NATO, I was asked in a big show, what do you think of NATO? 
When a guy running for president doesn't support the troops, doesn't support the veterans, doesn't support the teachers, it's really important. 
They have just passed an expansion of this loophole in recent days: $43 billion in donations, including favors to the oil and gas industry and importers of ceiling fans from China. 
Let me help the governor. 
He is President of the United States. 
I haven't had the experience of these gentlemen, but -- to be more specific -- but I know I have his trust, and I intend to act in a way that keeps this situation alive. 
And I think your racing companion used a lot of s.k. Before the facts, what you just said is that there are more taxes, more than $2 trillion in spending, more deficits, more debt, more government. 
You continued to tell the story and question the legitimacy of the president in 2012, 13, 14, 15... TRUMP: Yes. 
We should never go back. 
PENCE: I am happy to defend him, senator. 
My mom and dad are sitting here. 
Each candidate will be interviewed with the opportunity to comment on the other. 
They called their bluff. 
All right, Mr.... 
But I have to tell you that — that this is all about tax returns — and I understand, you know, that you want to keep talking about it. 
Every time you think you want to legalize drugs, go to a neonatal unit -- if you can come in. 
BUSH: I think you'll see more minority candidates and candidates running. 
Mr. Governor, could you support the expansion of this region beyond Alaska to the rest of the nation? 
I want to thank my wife Elizabeth, my daughter Robin for their love and support, and thank people who listen and look all over America. 
I am in favour of the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
My school choice program, GI Bill for Kids, doesn't take public money and give it to private schools. 
I traveled inside and outside this area for 10 years. 
And, finally, what you have to do is make sure that CEOs don't benefit from this, because it could end up, in the long run, by people who make money on this rescue plan. 
His trade agreements are the same. 
The president prevented you from getting cheaper drugs from Canada. 
When you have thousands of people right now in Iowa, right now in Colorado, working, creating wind energy with well-paying manufacturing jobs, and the Republican senator in that -- in Iowa is all for that, providing tax relief (ph) to help this work and Governor Romney says I'm opposed. 
The vote to which she referred, John McCain voted in exactly the same way. 
And we're gonna keep doing this. 
I am saying that it does more good than bad if, if we can get some environmental protection so that Mexicans have to follow their own environmental standards, their own labour law standards, and if we have a real commitment to re-educate and recycle American workers who lose their jobs and reinvest in this economy. 
I'm in the public service because I love this country. 
And we want them to think again and move on to verification so that everyone knows if the other side is keeping its word. 
You were lieutenant governor and governor and now American senator. 
The Administration was the first major country to oppose the abuse of Tiananmen Square. 
I have defended and taken into account the particular interests, be it the large sum of money by reaching the aisle and working with Senator Feingold on the reform of campaign financing, be it a variety of other issues, working with Senator Lieberman on the fight against climate change. 
They are stronger now than at any time since 2001. 
You just want to finish fast? 
Mr. Bush once again said that I was going to have $150 billion in tax increases. 
They just passed an election... OBAMA: That's not true. 
At the moment, our army is the strongest in all the history of the world. 
SMITH: Senator Kennedy. 
No discrimination against African Americans, against Muslims, against anyone. 
Now, let me say that with regard to the Vice-President's comments on the intention and desire of the United Sites and this administration, the Soviet Union has emerged from the talks. 
TRUMP: Well, first of all, she wants to grant amnesty, which is a disaster and very unfair for all people who have been waiting online for many years. 
WALLACE: I want... TRUMP: But what she's not saying is that President Obama has expelled millions and millions of people like that. 
And we have to change in this country. 
We use unmanned vehicles to spot people passing by. 
Anyone can have deductions up to that amount. 
Well, to answer the subject mentioned by Mr. Perot. 
And that is why I want to reduce the deficit by controlling the growth of compulsory expenditure. 
Each of them is entitled to a tax reduction. 
You can't run if you send mixed messages. 
We are back on the rules of Saint-Louis, which means that the governor has had his answer and then each of you will have 1 minute to answer. 
The barometer there, I think, will resonate that our economy is in danger and that the federal government has not provided the strong surveillance we need and deserve, and we need reforms to that end. 
And we admire your arrogance and perseverance. 
Of course not. 
This country must not be torn apart by this debate, it must be conducted with civility and respect, and Bob and I believe it can be. 
At the other extreme, uh - only 1 percent of the richest people in our country get 25 percent of all tax benefits. 
They'll pay our national debt. 
But it was simply wrong to finance their last plan to cut Medicare $270 billion to run the risk of it wilting on the vine. 
Who? 
MEMBER OF HEARING: Vice-President Gore. 
I believe that we need to export more to continue working for export agreements where we can sell more abroad and I believe that we need to strengthen the family. 
Thirty years ago, there were three police officers for every crime. There are now three crimes for every police officer. 
Are you - are you both willing to recognize that this financial crisis will affect the way you run the country as President of the United States beyond the kind of things you already have - I mean, is that a major gesture? 
Dukakis and I agreed that we should have a trade policy for this country; that we have seen this administration more than double the national debt; that they have moved this country from nation number one lender in the world to nation number one debtor in the world under their administration; that they have not had a trade policy; that they have let trade be a servant for their foreign policy objectives in the country; that this country has exported too many jobs and not enough products. 
Time's up. 
And people were able to stay in their homes, and eventually the values of these houses increased, and they actually earned money. 
Earlier today, each member of the audience asked me two questions on maps like this one, one that he would like to ask the chair, the other that he would like to ask the honourable senator. 
I am not making any allegations about this. 
And the truth is, America is very bad. 
And it wouldn't be more dangerous than President Reagan's secret war? 
That's the wrong thing to do. But you own it. 
It is not so much about us as you, your families, and the kind of country and future you want. 
I had it in my office two days ago. 
We have a serious health care plan to cut costs for everyone, to cover millions more Americans and to fight against the drug companies and insurance companies that this administration did not want to do. 
There is also a buzzer, if necessary. 
You see, I have a fundamental difference. 
7 billion rebates, credits and tax cuts for our people. 
One of the main mistakes they made was the one that led to the Korean war. 
If you look at our proposal, we take half the expected surplus and put it aside for social security. 
There's a lot to cover. 
We cannot continue to come back for further refutations; there will be time later. 
We collect money for the Republican Party, and we do a lot on small donations, 61 dollars on average.I'm asking Hillary, why don't we do it — she made 250 million dollars when she was in office. 
You said that black professional athletes exercising their first right of amendment should be dismissed. 
Von Fremd, the first thing we need to do is to keep trust abroad in the US dollar. 
They're people I know and I respect a lot. 
And when it comes to strengthening sanctions, look, as I said before, we have put in the toughest and most paralyzing sanctions ever. 
So we had the same position, but we're going -- it's never too early to express our values. 
You are implementing that NAFTA, the Mexican trade agreement, where they pay people one dollar per hour, have no health care, no retirement, no pollution control, and so on, and so on, and you are going to hear a huge noise of sucking out jobs that are taken out of this country just at a time when we need the tax base to pay the debt and repay interest on the debt and bring our house back to order. 
And finally, number five, we have to defend small businesses. 
Mr President, would you describe your religious beliefs, noting in particular if you consider yourself a Christian born again, and explain how these beliefs affect your presidential decisions? 
And not legislating from the bench. 
QUAYLE: Has the small business been exempted under your proposal? 
They said they were going to do something about health care in this country. 
We reserve $300 billion in a contingency fund in case the projections made by non-partisan experts are not entirely accurate. 
But then we said that if it's not good enough, there's flexibility, let's talk about bombers and planes. 
Good evening, Vice President Nixon. 
Part of this is because you can't... you can't control the class. 
We don't want them to have a monopoly. 
And you say, Well, how are you going to pay for it? 
The things Senator Kennedy has said to many of us can agree. 
I just, look... KAINE: I... PENCE: There's a question you asked earlier that I want to come back to. 
The fact is that my health plan, America, is very simple. 
On July 12 of this year, we gave full authorization for the publication of this report. 
Here are the numbers she adds up and subtracts. 
And, uh - does it not raise a serious question as to whether you would enter a Carter administration, uh, people with the background necessary to lead the federal government? 
Put these jobs in the city centre instead of doing diplomatic business and shipping them to China where prison work does the job. 
This has barely kept up with - although it has done much - with the huge tax increase imposed in 1977. 
Yes. 
I have been interested in this for many years and I am proud of the work I have done with Senator Clinton. 
And I believe that the American people must make the choice on 8 November between whether we need to go faster, whether what we are doing now is not satisfactory, whether we need to strengthen our strength at home and abroad and that of Mr Nixon. 
Let me put this question to America. 
I think that's the very essence of leadership, rather than cutting markets in dark rooms in Washington. 
One of the things we've done is that we've taken the -- we're starting to transform our army. 
I congratulate you for supporting this. 
And now I'm gonna give you a chance, sir. 
He held a number of large gatherings where he said that he could not have done these things to these women because they were not attractive enough for them to be assaulted. 
In fact, I never advocated a $15 billion reduction in our defence budget. 
HARRIS: On the question of employment – 
I'm going to do it for these soldiers, because it's important for Israel, it's important for America, it's important for the world, it's important for the fight against terror. 
No young American is fighting or dying on foreign soil tonight. 
And when they invest in the community, they find that there is a better repayment rate, that more small businesses are created and that the community is improving. 
As far as social security is concerned, as I said, you do not need a major structural change to ensure that social security is there for the future. 
The American people who had to sacrifice far too much because of the incompetence of this administration. 
I'm so sorry. 
GORE: Well, this vote wasn't exactly -- many supporters of the Kyoto Treaty finally voted for it because the way it was formulated. 
Ce serait ma position. 
We need the missile, I think, because we are so strategically unbalanced that we lack deterrence for a possible first assault. 
We have other responsibilities... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: Do you really think this chronology... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: That is... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: We have -- we have soldiers and Marines. 
Over the past five years, our income has increased faster than the national average. 
If you raise Medicaid to 300 per cent, it encourages small businesses not to provide private insurance to their employees. 
And Romney, too. 
QUESTION: Well, senators, because of this economic crisis, most of the people I know have had difficult times. 
The good news here and the interesting news is that we have achieved our recruitment targets in each of the departments this year. 
I too abhor abortions, but I don't think they should be made illegal, and I don't... 
These are my priorities since I joined the Senate, and it is absolutely essential that we develop an energy-efficient car that is not built in Japan and not in South Korea, but is built here in the United States of America. 
You bet we want to allow young workers to take some of their own money. 
We need to think about cybersecurity. 
All right, speaking of things you both want, another main question, and that has to do with the rescue -- the financial rescue thing we started -- started asking questions. 
I suggest that after Prime Minister Kush- Khrushchev's performance at the United Nations, compared to President Eisenhower's eloquent speech, communist prestige in the world is currently at a record level and American prestige is at a record level. 
I'd write a letter to people who know all about us. 
I am optimistic that we will win the war on terrorism, but I understand that it requires a firm determination and a clear goal. 
Now, the candidates will answer and comment on the questions asked by these four correspondents: Frank Singiser of Mutual News, John Edwards of ABC News, Walter Cronkite of CBS News, John Chancellor of NBC News. 
I'm Kamala. 
You're looking at our friends at NATO. 
If there comes a time when I cannot practice my religion and do my job properly, I will resign from my work. 
This is unacceptable to us, and it is essential that a President exercise force from the very beginning, so that it is very clear what is acceptable and not acceptable. 
I'm answering your questions. 
President Carter, you have the last word on this issue. 
It's okay. 
Very early in my administration, I proposed -- and I think something that had never been proposed by a previous administration -- I proposed a total elimination of intermediate-range missiles, where the Soviets had better than a 10 -- and still have -- than a 10-1 advantage over the allies in Europe. 
The fact is, once again, I'm just going to put in perspective, while Barack and I, Chuck Hagel and Dick Lugar called for more money to help in Afghanistan, more troops in Afghanistan, John McCain said two years ago quote, "The reason we don't read about Afghanistan anymore in the newspaper is d. k Obama said we need more troops there. 
But let me tell you... 
We must have a fair and equitable society. 
It's not about Governor Bush, it's not about me. 
Let's stop playing the political game, Mr. President. 
You should meet some of the women I've met, women I've known all my life. 
And it's an extremely successful club. 
This is the first time that the United States of America has suffered a tax cut when we are at war. 
We have ten and a half million more jobs, the deficit has been reduced by 60 per cent. 
Let us start with the current pandemic that has cost our country so much. 
And it's bad. 
And Mr. President, the next question is for you, so stay up. 
That's not fair. 
Do you have a major difference with what he just said? 
The answer was that we have... 
The Tsar of Terrorism, who has worked for every president since Ronald Reagan, said, "Invading Iraq in response to September 11 would be like Franklin Roosevelt invading Mexico in response to Pearl Harbor." 
It's a closed society. 
There are not enough people in prison, and go to my website, get the quote, the date when he said it, ‘not enough people. 
The next question is addressed to Mr Perot for a 2-minute answer. 
I think she's a key person. 
It was they who were for the Patriot Act and against him, for no child left behind and then against him. 
It's not just age, it's achievements, it's experience. 
I think we should not compare our figures with those of India or another country with serious problems, but remind us that we are the most prosperous country in the world and that these people do not receive adequate food. 
I know how you feel, and you know how I feel. 
It was after he was - he did not support him while he was in Congress, in the Senate, he was adopted despite his opposition, and he signed it because he was required to do so. 
They are now under investigation for bribed foreign officials during this period. 
I'm 100% aboard. 
HOLT: You're talking about ISIS, and we're thinking about ISIS certainly like there, but there are some American citizens who were inspired to commit acts of terror on American soil, the last incident, of course, the bombings we just saw in New York and New Jersey, the stabbing attack in a shopping mall in Minnesota, last year, the deadly attacks in San Bernardino and Orlando. 
I can tell you, Joe, the government has absolutely nothing to do with this. 
And the president has also literally published piles of financial disclosures that the American people can look at just as the law allows. 
And we're all proud of it. 
You know, going to a Buddhist temple and then pretending it wasn't a fundraiser isn't my point of view on responsibility. 
SIMPSON: No, I want you to tell me how you're going to be able to make the Republicans and Democrats in Congress work better together than these two gentlemen. 
And so, they should not be treated lightly. 
You denied his numbers. 
They're stronger. 
It's an invasion of drugs all over the world. 
Senator Obama, this is a question you asked Theresa Finch (ph). 
It was my very first bill, and I am very proud of it because it symbolizes what I think we should do. 
(APPLAUUSE) LEHRER: President Bush, 1 minute. 
One of the serious problems, listen to me, is that our system of government is being undermined by too much influence from special interest money. 
And you're opposed to that. 
I want to say it again. 
We witnessed a decline in urban America under the Bush-Quayle administration. 
The president said it would disappear automatically. 
And we have to get our nation back to work. 
What I want the President to do, and I think he may have done so, his last statement, calls for an unconditional end to violence and calls on the parties to continue to speak as they should and to have a resolution. 
I think we have a lot more work to do. 
This is a typical example, perhaps many others, where this administration overturned an elected government and helped establish a military dictatorship. 
The other thing we have to do is see around the corners. 
Now, he tries not to release the votes and then go straight to a so-called second-round election without even announcing the results of the first vote. 
And what is happening is that the level of pollution is increasing significantly. 
The president always has the right, and always has the right, to strike preventively. 
CLINTON: Well, I hope the information controllers are building up the volume and working really hard. 
Are we going to take appropriate precautions before putting the Americans in danger, or are we just going to leave, throw our arms in the air now - some reversal from the first time, as soon as he said he was going to do something? 
(CROSSTALK) SCHIEFFER: Let him answer... OBAMA: You must be clear, both to our allies and to our enemies, about your position and what you mean. 
Thank you, Mr. President, for also participating in this debate. 
I'm dedicated to it. 
MCCAIN: Of course, it encourages and others encourage contacts, negotiations, and all other things. 
I'm going to fight to create more energy in this country, to secure American energy. 
I'm afraid our opponent's response to this is unilateral, and it's basically to develop resources within the United States almost anywhere. 
They have aborted their democracy. 
This is the kind of policy that eventually undermines our ability to fight terrorism, and that will change when I become President. 
That's what we do. 
Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents. 
Instead of supporting the process, our administration in Nicaragua has supported secret activities to keep this revolution moving in order to overthrow the Sandinist government; in El Salvador it has not pushed the head of government to go towards the correction of civil rights; the human rights problems that existed there, and now this administration seems almost congested by the fact that Nicaragua is engaged in the Contadora process, and El Salvador, through its President Duarte, is addressing the guerrillas to negotiate a peace. 
These are the main questions: equality of education at school. 
We're having fun here. 
You are going to have two minutes to respond to two consecutive elections, now there have been substantial interferences from foreign opponents. 
Your buddy voted for it. 
They ensured that their sons understood that it was the largest country in the world, that those of us who were the sons and daughters of immigrants had a particular responsibility to give something to the country that had opened its arms to our parents and gave them so much.I believe in the American dream. 
I therefore hope that the people of this country will appreciate me as President of the United States; I certainly hope that he will appreciate me on 8 November. 
When Mark told me this story, you know what, Mitt Romney doesn't tell these stories. 
Hon.Quayle: Senator Bentsen is talking about reorganizing foreign markets. 
And if we can change this law, everyone should make the extraordinary effort to take these children who are unwanted and sometimes aborted, take the - let them come at birth, and then put them in a family where they will be loved. 
The family is the most overtaxed institution in the United States of America. 
The middle class under John McCain's tax proposal, 100 million families, middle class families, households to be precise, they didn't have a single change, they didn't have a single tax break. 
Mr. Perot, excuse me, sir. 
You've already been quoted as saying that a nuclear war is winable. 
8%, as you said. 
And this is one of the biggest expenditures this country has made, in dollars, and even more important in life. 
To help Bashar Assad. 
And our alliance is strong. 
And I don't deserve t. t it's certainly not a nice thing she did. 
Now I have to go back to one thing in my clothes because I'm passionate about education. 
This is an area where we will have to work with Russia. 
From the University of Utah to Salt Lake City, welcome to the first and only Vice-President debate in 2020, sponsored by the non-partisan Commission of Presidential Debates. 
Social security and health insurance are quite different in terms of financial stability. 
The evidence is that 1 in 6 people is in poverty. 
Mr. Vice President, you have 30 seconds. 
The people must take over their government. 
Second thing, there aren't many times in your life when you can talk to a whole country. 
So, we are now about to have a potentially much better economy, but the last thing we need to do is go back to the policies that failed us in the first e. t. experts examined what I proposed and looked at what Donald proposed, and basically they said this, that if his tax plan, which would blow up the debt of more than 5 trillion dollars and in some cases would disadvantage middle class families compared to the rich, would come into force, we would lose 3.5 million jobs and maybe have another n. looked at my plans and they said, OK, if we can do it, and I intend to do it, we will have 10 million new jobs, because we are going to make investments where we can develop the economy. 
In 23 years, I don't know, Helen. 
But our country is innately very strong. 
Mr. KAINE: Elaine, if I could... if I could jump in. 
I'm just telling you, our state is meeting to do what's right. 
If we could develop a principle that would say that both sides could fire all their missiles and no one would be hurt, I guess that's a good idea. 
That's what I did in Texas and that's the kind of leadership style I'll bring to Washington. 
But here we are, and I think this insurance policy is necessary. 
Very easily. 
And that's what's gonna happen if I earn your trust. 
I'm for clean water. 
Senator Gore, your final statement, sir. 
What I want to emphasize, however, is that I have been an ardent advocate of compensation like you are going. 
I know this is a sensitive area, but the question of how we react to terrorist acts goes beyond this current crisis. 
And if so, was it a mistake to have a religious test? 
I always thought he was a threat. 
After the elections, he'll have more backbone. 
TRUMP: Oh, really, who do you have? 
I'm not apologizing for that. 
But I was asking you, sir, about the masks. 
Stay in the cities. 
And my opponent's plans lead me to conclude that Saddam Hussein would still be in power, and the world would be more dangerous. 
It must be in the national interest, it must be in our vital interest if we ever send troops. 
The excess mortality rate is much lower and much lower than almost any other country. 
I am sort of the cleaning man in this order, and my colleagues have asked me to try to manage everything that remains at the bottom. 
You're right. 
I think we can compete with high-wage countries, and I think we should. 
He voted against funding because he said that the amendment had a deadline to put an end to this war, and he did not like that. 
There are companies that wanted to petition the administration. 
KERRY: The UN, Kofi Annan, offered help after the fall of Baghdad. 
And I hope that in a second term we will see an improvement in that direction. 
We walk on the water. 
She's talking about taxes. 
It was also my posture. 
And in our country, we have evolved to a point where we have put millions of innocent people in prison because you go to poor neighborhoods and they have put bars on their windows and bars on their doors and put themselves in prison to protect the things they have legitimately acquired. 
Hillary Clinton's been after this for years. 
That's what we're gonna do. 
But when you say what the American people have done in the last eight months has not worked, it is a great service to the sacrifices that the American people have made. 
Ninety per cent of the cost of this effort is borne by US taxpayers. 
All he has is that you have to be for it or against it, you can't make it better. 
That is why it is important to ensure that our alliances are as strong as they can be to keep pressure on Mr Milosevic. 
IFILL: Senator Edwards, 30 seconds. 
as recently as January. 
It's a fact. 
The only thing I could do was get help as quickly as possible with the help of the state and the federal, and put my arms around the man and his family and cry with them. 
Please proceed to Governor. 
In a few hours, I said I was sorry about the way I talked about it, because my argument isn't with his supporters. 
Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Japan. 
And the only thing that seems good is the stock exchange, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, it'll fall. 
There have been several tax increases over a period of time -- there are still two by 1989. 
Mr. Perot, your final statement. 
And now he's sitting here looking at me. 
And I have to say that after reading the Vice-President's speech to the farmers, as he was reading mine, I do not think it is very different from Mr Benson's. 
And I have a long history of doing this. 
Look, all your elders, have you been deprived of any choice? 
I have already mentioned that local communities have more difficulty in passing bond issues. 
Mr. Trump, the same question for you. 
If you want to buy health insurance, you will get help with that. 
We favor the business areas to give - and it was blocked by Tip O'Neill and this House of Representatives, these Liberals in this House blocked a new idea of introducing jobs in black communities across the country. 
Given this, and given the economic recovery we are currently experiencing, is it logical to propose an increase in taxes or to take other tax measures to reduce this deficit now, when the times are relatively good? 
Senator Obama does not seem to understand that there is a connection between the two. 
Let's give them a real choice, the kind of choices you had, and the kind of choices that many people have in America. 
No president should ever have to go through what I've been through. 
And one of the reasons I was looking forward to signing when he asked me to become his racing companion is because I was so impressed with what he did as governor of Texas. 
There's something called clean coal. 
I've been in politics for a long time, and I don't remember that kind of stacking, that kind of ugly rumor that's never been true, printed. 
Do you really believe that there is no need to use force? 
Governor Carter. 
Given these beliefs, Mr. BARNES: [interpretation] 
What areas do you see where the United States could take the offensive in a challenge to communism over the next four to eight years? 
President Clinton ran for governor in 1990 and said he was going to fulfill his mandate, but he did not. 
There is a difference between preconditions and preparation. 
Martha, regarde. 
Secrets should be removed from government and maximum privacy should be maintained. 
I've heard these words for many years. 
There's a lot of them. 
CLINTON: The mistake that was made was to make the promise to "read my lips" in the first place just to get elected, knowing what the size of the deficit was. 
I know some people laugh at it when I talk about breaking up the family, but it's true. 
We have 23 million unemployed people or we have stopped looking for work in this country. 
I don't see how a person can separate his or her public life from his or her private life or faith. 
As governor, I thought, please, give me this program. 
Bob, like I said, I mean, do you disagree with that? 
Then we have the closing statements. 
That's my main point. 
Just a second. 
But I just want it to be very, very clear that he's trying to blur what Donald Trump said. 
He therefore has a long tradition of racist behaviour. 
Governor Carter apparently does not realize that since I was president, we have sold more than $4 billion in military equipment to Israelis. 
Mr. Perot, according to your experience at General Motors, where are you? 
Mr.BENTSEN: I have absolutely no argument with Senator Quayle's military record. 
Hon.LeHRER: For the record, however, Mr.Perot, I believe that, according to your answer, you have no position as to whether the application of CAFE standards will cost jobs in the automotive industry? 
We must ensure that, as individuals, we assume our personal responsibilities through all this. 
Mr. Mondale, are you going first? 
It's the best anti-terrorist report ever written. 
I'll keep you on hold. 
I firmly believe that our education problem America 2000 is the answer - a little longer term; it will take some time to educate. 
And they went to buy those mortgages. 
There is, uh, an additional factor that needs to be done and covered very succinctly, and that is, to ensure that we have a good relationship between management - business on the one hand, and work on the other. 
He went out and told the truth in this brilliant book, Against all hope, about what is really happening in Cuba. 
Religion has been a great part of my life. 
Maybe we think you're treating them in different ways. 
It's like... it's not new. 
For the first time in the 20th century, the president did this over the four years and that's why I don't want to see us make a big hole in the deficit with a tax program that we can't pay, so your interest rates will rise, and you'll have to pay back at higher interest rates what you would have gotten in a tax reduction, so I say continue working on market expansion. 
I've been out of Washington for eight years and have spent the last five years running a global business. 
Now, of course, it's just a factor, but it's important. 
I want the workers to have their own property. 
Let me ask you... 
That would far exceed the figures you mentioned. 
I appreciate the jobs in the wind energy sector in Iowa and throughout the country. 
By the way, have you seen any of the last big rallies he's had? 
We must assure the public that we will have a full and transparent investigation whenever there is a loss of life due to the action of the police. 
The Soviets have not changed much. 
I suggest to you, Mr Vanocur, that if you know the President, it was probably a fake remark. 
They are increasingly the ones who put their necks on the line to take back terrorists and former elements of the regime who are still left behind. 
Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, is not affordable. 
I'm gonna have to take a look at all the managed care taking place in California, or we're gonna end up losing our best care we have in the world. 
There is something to say also for human activities, but also for cyclical changes in temperature on our planet. 
Yes, we had grain credits for Iraq, and there is no evidence that these grain credits were diverted to armaments -- none, nothing at all. 
I would like to say with the humility necessary to respond to this statement that I believe that what I would bring to the office of the Vice-President is a lifetime experience. 
The world's temperature is rising, weather conditions are changing, storms are becoming more violent and unpredictable. 
He says he wants a system that will make nuclear wars safe, so no one will get hurt. 
Mr. Vice President, your one-minute rebuttal. 
I supported the President's trade policy. 
(Applause) I have been in politics for twenty-five years, Margaret; I have won many elections, I have lost some, as you know, and I have learned from these losses. 
Al Gore and I have committed $170 billion to this end. 
I don't know -- we'll talk to Ross in a minute. 
When we re-engaged - because, once again, the Bush administration reversed the road on this point - we have at least made some progress, although at the moment, because of the problems in North Korea, we see it on unstable terrain. 
Now, why should we ask ourselves whether the federal government is helping teachers pay their salaries? 
Now, since the beginning of this campaign, I have identified this as one of my top priorities and here's what I think we need to do. 
And what we have in Lebanon is something that the American people have seen. 
The order was determined by a coin s. e. specific subjects and questions were chosen by me and were not shared or clarified with anyone on the campaigns or on the commission. 
I believe that is why I have the respect I have and have been able to work as well as I have been able to work in the United States Senate. 
They would have won a call. 
I apologized to Vice-President Bush because I had rather honored these young men, saddened for their families, and thought they were wonderful Americans who honored us all. 
Mondale - they've protected her life for four years and now they've done a nice job for Barbara and mine. 
But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. 
And this is where my opponent and I are different. 
We have five companies in phase three of clinical trials. 
And then, in the Senate of State, as he did 130 times as a state senator, he voted here. 
So, if anyone looks tonight and listens to what you just said, is it fair to say, okay, the differences between Governor Bush and Vice President Gore are the following. 
And as soon as we have an investigation and find out where the blame is for the few people who have not been excised or changed, we will certainly do something about it. 
I don't check so often. 
No, let's move on. 
It's up to people to take care of this, isn't it? 
That's the reality. 
Over the course of two hundred years of history, there has been a very cautious approach. 
It provides AIDS drugs to approximately 11.5 million people. 
If I wanted to do this, why would I run for president, Jim? 
The federal government spends $600 billion a year on everything from ships to steel to buildings and others. 
When I can't tell you. 
And you know, Bernie Sanders, he said you had a bad judgment. 
Education is a disaster. 
You gave them that. 
TRUMP: So why didn't you get the world—China sends real dirt into the air. 
There are large public schools where there is the choice of public school, responsibility and brilliant directors. 
We must succeed. 
I take my children who hike and fish, who walk in the woods, in the desert. 
We call it equity number one. 
Yes. 
Everything you like, gentlemen, suits me well. 
Secondly, I would add today that I would strengthen those sanctions. 
Number two, John McCain and I have a proposal, together, for a commission that fills the company's donation gaps. 
Mr. REAGAN: Well, my last word is again to say this: we were talking about this very simple amendment and about women's rights. 
I supported it from the beginning of my campaign, and it was a standard answer that I made in response to the Yugoslav question, that I would never go to war or engage me militarily in the internal affairs of another country, unless our own security is seriously threatened. 
That's the problem with our system. 
We have seen the formation of a reconciliation government and for someone to suggest, as our two adversaries did, that these men died in shame - they have an interest in not telling the parents of these young sailors. 
First of all, I want to say how much I respect Senator Dole and his public service record and how much I will try to make this campaign and debate ideas and not insults. 
And I would like Governor Bush to join me tonight in approving the McCain-Feingold Finance Reform Bill. 
More importantly, this was the first national security decision we had to make. 
They started from the day I won, and even before I won. 
Let us set out some guidelines so that we do not have a continuation of inflation. 
Thank you, Mrs. Hinerfeld. 
He supported the Kosovo administration. 
And that's one of the reasons I worked so hard to try to help with education. 
I know what it means to be poor. 
And that's what I do. 
We must never hesitate against this enemy who -- these hate ideologues. 
He'll tell you about the good ones. 
All right. 
I am telling you that we are prepared to deal with any eventuality that may arise. 
What should be the trigger, or should there be a trigger, when the use of nuclear weapons is never involved? 
I mean, you can't have it in both directions. 
Even FOX News disputes this, and this does not happen very often when it comes to accusations about me. 
I'll do it. 
I also respect your public service. 
And I understand that in some capitals of the world, it was not a popular gesture. 
Mr. VANOCUR: Thank you very much. 
It is a school with a strong discipline and high standards. 
You're not gonna be able to shut him up. 
And B - 1 must also be opposed, because for 15 years the Soviet Union has been preparing to meet B - 1. 
The problem I see is that there are too many weapons in the hands of children, criminals and people who, for one reason or another, have not been able to obtain weapons. 
So I don't intend to see him defeated. 
And I share them with him. 
The key question to be answered in this election is that we will use this prosperity wisely in a way that benefits all our people and not just a few. 
That's what you like, you have a perfect candidate. 
You're talking about someone strong. 
October 11, 2000</strong> <strong>Gore-Bush's second presidential debate</strong> MODERATOR: Good evening, from Wake Chapel to Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. 
And yet, in the last nine months of this year, we have seen a decline in our economic growth rather than a gain. 
Something the vice president brought me. 
Also in 1975, we almost brought Israel to its knees after the Yom Kippur war by the so-called re-evaluation of our relationship with Israel. 
Many people predicted what happened, and it was a disaster. 
We provided money, the... 
What are you doing? 
He has no authority over Congress. 
In many cases, it is people in the community who are examples and models. 
But all this in itself is not enough. 
And as we pursue the enemy wherever it exists, we will also spread freedom and freedom. 
We must have a full student loan program for tuition fees in the state. 
I think that if we act effectively, if we stabilize the housing market - which I think we can, if we are going to buy these bad loans, so that people can have a new mortgage to the new value of their home - I think that if we get rid of cronyism and the influence of special interest in Washington so that we can act more effectively. 
I'll make sure that... 
OBAMA: We will have to prioritize, as a family must prioritize. 
And we have General Flynn. 
CORDDRY: Mr.Reagan, I'm just going to repeat the two questions: How would you fill the fighting forces with numbers and quality, without restarting conscription? 
TRUMP: — He tried to hurt social security years ago. 
I'd like to put an end to it. 
Second, to what extent would you work -- what kind of priority would you give your legislation on the second term to make abortion illegal? 
We're already doing therapy. 
I'm not going to cut taxes paid by high-income Americans. 
That's what we did. 
But recently, your racing companion, Mr. Mondale, suggested that it might become necessary to erect some 40 troops or a blockade of Nicaragua. 
PENCE: They also told us that if we did everything right, Susan, we could still lose more than 200,000 Americans. 
You have more time. 
I think that should be a right for all Americans. 
We just have a little time left. 
And for the question, we're going to turn to Jane Barrow. 
If he tries to say that I'm a hard person to heart and that I don't care about children, he's absolutely wrong. 
But in 16 months, we should be able to reduce our combat troops, provide relief to military families and our troops, and strengthen our efforts in Afghanistan so that we can capture and kill Bin Laden and crush Al-Qaeda. 
Do not increase taxes on small businesses because they are our job creators. 
And that's why people are so worried. 
He said he was optimistic when he came here, then he lit the television and listened to political rhetoric and suddenly he was pessimistic. 
Mr. NIVEN: Senator, although the main theme of your campaign has been this decline in American power and prestige over the last eight years, you have not criticized President Eisenhower at all. 
Name a group that supports you. 
We should close 20 military bases in the United States immediately. 
From the point of view of KENNEDY: Well, let me say that I think the President is operating in a number of different areas. 
Do you believe, as the scientific community has concluded, that human-induced climate change has made forest fires bigger, warmer and more deadly? 
We have expanded the Pell grants by a million students. 
I know that these things can grow by despair in an inner city, when there is despair at home, lack of work, and so on. 
I was there the day it ended, and I was there for everything in between. 
We climbed the mountain. 
And in this election, America must make an important choice. 
He's one of the richest Americans, and he's our vice president. 
Others, all over the world, can really lengthen our chain, and we cannot allow this to continue to happen. 
We're in competition. 
She didn't say the name and President Obama didn't say the name. 
John, a question for the governor. 
As I have already said, with regard to the question of qualifications - and I am delighted that this is happening, because on the three most important challenges facing America, arms control and national security, employment, education and the budget deficit, I have more experience and achievements than the Governor of Massachusetts. 
We have a growing problem with our growing dependence on foreign energy sources. 
He was handed over to the head of the CIA agency in Nicaragua for printing. 
But there are real changes in our climate. 
And we must ensure that the financial package works much faster than it was. 
Your two minutes are up. 
I think it is correct to say that the law on striptease mines, which was passed twice by Congress - and which was only two votes, I think, to be out of date - would have been good for the country. 
I'm going to close this loophole, and I'm going to give the tax advantage to the companies that stay here in America to help them make them more competitive. 
CLINTON: ...and the high rankings... WALLACE: Please let me speak Mr Trump. 
Mr. JOHNSON: Mr. President. 
Bob Dole opposes this plan. 
Robertson and Admiral Radford. 
The Republicans are talking about it, but we are the first administration in life to examine this program to reduce this deficit four years in a row. 
I criticized this administration and I criticized the president. 
He said he was going to cut the deficit by half. 
No tax on your savings. 
And I hope that tonight, when we finish this debate, you will have a better understanding and the audience of viewing and listening will have a better understanding. 
But the most important thing is to put the government back to the people and keep them away from the particular interests and make sure that people go to Washington to serve. 
And I probably don't think he's quite excited to have the rest of our country see what the real reasons are, because it must be something really important, even terrible, that he's trying to hide. 
No one can deny that over the last eight years, we have been dug into a very deep hole here at home as far as our economy is concerned, and abroad in terms of our credibility. 
And by the way, you gave the idea of the Logan law against General Flynn. 
I haven't changed my mind: I'm going to fund it entirely. 
I did not always agree with their decisions, whether they are democratic or republican presidents. 
HEARING_QUESTION: Well, I had friends who were fired. 
And we spend more on poverty programmes today than in 1981 - that is a fact. 
And let me repeat, Detroit is raising to go. 
Only 10 percent of the people who are -- were affected by all this passage from Chapter 7 to Chapter 13 -- he gets d.t the point of this -- Barack Obama saw the glass as half empty. 
Some of them are in public life in the Senate, in Congress. 
They are due to global warming. 
The fact is, that's what he's still trying to ridicule everything. 
The head of EPA said, "You can't build a coal factory. 
Health care must therefore be affordable and available. 
So that's it. 
But a president must always be ready to use troops. 
And I think people who pay the bills should get money back. 
And what I don't like is ridiculing the government. 
They said she lied. 
And as the United States said today, it is essentially the same plan as you co-sponsored with the AOC when it submitted it to the Senate. 
But in this process, we saved $9 billion. 
He's gonna tax everyone here to fund his programs. 
A green light will light to indicate that the candidate has 30 seconds left. 
You didn't see his tax returns. 
DREW: Governor, uh - according to the budget committees of Congress tha- tha- tha- tha- that you mentioned, if we get full employment - which they project to unemployment of 4 percent - and, as you say, even taking into account inflation in the programs, there would be nothing more than a surplus of $5 billion by the end of 9 t- in 1981. 
Of course, that's it. 
I know how to do the job. 
The reason I objected to this initiative is because I am afraid it will put an end to these additional effort programmes. 
And I think it's important to know that it was a process that was needed to get these companies back on track so they could start hiring more people. 
That is why these paralyzing sanctions, which Bibi Netanyahu says we should continue, that - if I am not mistaken - Governor Romney says we should continue. 
Yes. 
Every time a weapon is tested, we count the number of warheads on it, and whenever that warhead is used, we count that number of warheads, whether they have that number or not. 
The next segment, we continue... CLINTON: At least I have a plan to fight ISIS. 
There's abuse, there's huge abuse. 
The Soviets with 1,200 of these things, and the covenant with none. 
But because we had no allies and because it was not clear that we could actually accomplish what we would like to achieve by putting military forces there, I think it was the right thing not to jump, as tearing as it was, but I think we should have come much faster with the humanitarian mission. 
Mr. Edwards, as you probably know, I have always answered all the questions about who will be sitting in the next cabinet, saying that it is the responsibility of the next president, and that it would be inappropriate to make decisions about it or to announce any decisions before I have the right to do so. 
Syria is Russia and it is Iran, which it has done hard and Kerry and Obama have become a very powerful and very rich nation, very, very quickly, very, very quickly.I think we need to get ISIS. 
I don't think that's a fair measure. 
If -- 
We'd do that in the rest of the country. 
It was in 1964 and that's what he called Medicare. 
There is only one threat to peace and one threat to freedom - presented by the international communist movement. 
When you want to talk about who the current commander-in-chief is, what they care about and what they don't care about. 
Mr. WELKER: Okay, Mr. President Trump, thank you. 
Bob Dole, um, is one of those men who served in the U.S. Senate, his public life is a public record. 
Drummond's question now for Senator Kennedy. 
I already fixed it. 
This means that you wouldn't want, through appointments, to the FDA and ask them to -- BUSH: I think that once a decision was made, it was made unless it turned out to be dangerous for women. 
And, yes, Senator Obama is calling for more troops, but what he doesn't understand is that it must be a new strategy, the same strategy he condemned in Iraq. 
I do not agree that the Iraqis want to be free and that they could be free. 
To earn $183,000? 
Your colleague, Senator Lyndon Johnson, comes from Texas, an oil-producing state, and many political leaders believe that there is a doubt in this election year. 
There you go, that's the point. 
Obamacare was the first step. 
PALIN: That's not the case, but because it's just a quick answer, I want to talk again about my energy record in relation to your ticket's energy bill, too.I think it's important to come back to this energy policy plan that was voted for in 2005. 
What we once were so proud of - the strength of our country, its moral integrity, the representation in foreign affairs of what our people are, what our Constitution represents, has disappeared. 
And it was a -- it was a government program. 
We need to help people who are between jobs. 
We had a meeting at the town hall. 
I was very careful - I was very careful saying that what I'm going to do is control federal spending first. 
You said you wanted to cut taxes for middle and lower income groups. 
Your administration has pushed back the regulation of this kind of facility. 
Number three, we would open the doors of college education to high school graduates regardless of income. 
Absolument. 
Gwen, your question was about jobs? 
Go home and look in the mirror. 
So, in terms of priorities, we need to be financially strong. 
By leaving health care, by trying again to avoid controversy, let us talk about the debate on abortion. 
It's not leadership. 
All right. 
In the last two weeks, you have recognized what most Americans have accepted for years: the president was born in the United States. 
First of all, I would abandon the decision-making process in secret, as Mr. Kissinger and Mr. Ford were. 
It's the access I think it's necessary to make sure that every child learns to read, write, add and subtract early, so that they can build on this education by going to university so that they can start their careers with a university degree. 
This is just an example of how you can save money and improve quality of life at the same time. 
On behalf of the Presidential Debate Committee, I am pleased to welcome you to this first presidential debate of the 1988 campaign. 
President Clinton arrested them dead in their tracks. 
Make an effort to put a ramp up there so that someone in a wheelchair can get up. 
In Africa, the United States has ignored Latin Africa. 
Quote – When I look at the news, all I see is fighting between Democrats and Republicans. 
If you can't make a difference, you shouldn't be commander-in-chief. 
And three of those checks were those of my grandparents. 
Two million bankruptcies, a new record. 
Mr. MASHEK: Mr. Perot, you talked about fairness a minute ago and sharing pain. 
Iran has power over North Korea. 
But occasionally, four times, we used some laws that are there. 
I think it's a good balance. 
It's the best way to get people back into the system. 
What kind of message does he send to send money to fire stations in Iraq, but we are closing fire stations that are the first responders here in America. 
I come from relatively modest circumstances. 
I just assume the government didn't tell me what kind of health care I have. 
This is simply not true. 
That's not the kind of policy George Bush will have. 
I hope that we will agree on this point. 
This is a better average than investment bankers. 
By cutting trade, by cutting off our diplomatic relations as we have done, we will quarantine this regime so that the Cuban people themselves can take care of Mr Castro. 
You're gonna get tax relief in my plan. 
Two points. 
And the last point I'm going to make, because we started on energy. 
LEHRER: A question for the vice-president. 
And I think MP Lewis' argument was that we need to be careful about how we deal with our supporters. 
So, you, from Virginia, ask, is it okay for politicians to be on two sides? 
We raised about $10 million. 
We have a pilot program. 
It's done. 
I hope you read our plans. 
And you can't just go upstairs and say I'm gonna fix it. 
MR. MOYERS: Mr. Reagan, you now have three minutes for the concluding remarks. 
What about economic growth? 
We've had enough division. 
This is Howard K. Smith. 
TRUMP: During this period, during this period, we have an opening. 
I'm not going to cut our military budget. 
And I'm very proud of that. 
When Governor Reagan was questioned on this subject, he made the very worrying comment that non-proliferation, or the control of the proliferation of nuclear weapons, is not our responsibility. 
You need to understand how they're going to react. 
QUAYLE: In 1987, you wrote a letter, and we'll pass it on to the media -- GORE: That's just not true. 
Of course, we do not want automatic weapons, and it is already illegal in this country to have automatic weapons. 
Okay, let's move on. 
Yeah. 
But I think we need to support our friends and allies. 
It's better if there's none or there's a consequence if I'm president. 
I voted for the major environmental bills that were introduced and voted in the United States Senate. 
And he has undoubtedly demonstrated conviction, vision and determination to win this war against terrorism. 
It's a very happy ending to a terrible story. 
Since your Massachusetts health plan was attacked by the Vice-President and you defended it in this way, I would like to move on to one of the most expensive medical disasters facing the Americans today, that is, AIDS. 
Are you feeling safer? 
Welcome, Governor Carter. 
Thanks to President Trump's leadership, we have strengthened our alliances across the Asia-Pacific region. 
Look, you -- you both saw Benjamin Netanyahu holding this picture of a bomb with a red line and talking about the red line being in the spring. 
But it's also because of reason and science. 
Our plan provides a $1500 tax credit to make this junior college essentially free. 
Would each of you give us a number, a specific number of how many you think we can reduce our imports of foreign oil during your first term? 
What you're interested in is trying to understand, how will it influence you? 
And now, for Senator John F. Kennedy's first opening statement. 
But number two, Iranians are -- the Israelis and the United States, our military and intelligence communities are absolutely the same exact location for proximity -- how close Iranians are to getting a nuclear weapon. 
I have been able to set clear objectives. 
But I made the decision because I thought it was in the good interest of our safety. 
Wait, wait. 
It's been 35 years. 
What is a president responsible for doing when he or she takes the oath? 
Because without the individual mandate, he's a lot different. 
And frankly, Al, we should not just tinker with the capital gains tax, we should eliminate it in the cities of Central America to put capital at work to make capitalism democratic and jobs available in our cities in Central America. 
COOPER: Secretary Clinton, does Trump have the discipline of being a good leader? 
And he didn't say that. 
We will now turn to foreign affairs and begin the interrogation with Mr. Mashek. 
Do we need to repair it, especially for OGBYN (sic) and cerebral and other surgeons? Yes. 
We had an increase in taxes paid by individuals, taxes on wages, from 14 percent to 20 percent. 
More taxes, more regulation, banning fracturing, the abolition of fossil fuels, the crushing of US energy and economic surrender to China is a prescription for economic decline. 
Yet neither one of you nor anyone else related to your campaigns or your administration that I can find has discussed the possibility of sending troops. 
When Governor Romney was questioned about whether teachers, hiring more teachers was important to increase our economy, Governor Romney said that it does not make our economy grow. 
Now I understand that this is a difficult issue, and I respect people who disagree with me on this point, but the policy of a Romaney administration will be to oppose abortions with exceptions for rape, incest and mother's life. 
Franklin Roosevelt declared in 1936 that this generation of Americans had an appointment with destiny. 
As he pointed out, we came to Congress the same year. 
China pays a lot. 
As far as the amendment you mentioned is concerned, I abandoned it 15 years ago. 
They must understand that we want to talk to them. 
It will cost a little money at the forefront, but in the long run, it's the only way we're going to not only make families healthy, but also how we're going to save the federal budget, because we can't afford these rising costs. 
Mr. Vice President, Jimmy Carter called this campaign worse. 
Under Senator McCain's plan, people are at high risk of losing their employer-based health care. 
The president has been re-elected, you will see dramatic cuts in our army. 
In 1975, he wanted to cut the budget by $15 billion. 
The Vice-President suggested a number of things. 
The Soviet Union is still scrambling Radio Free Europe - Radio - uh - Radio Free Europe is being scrambled. 
I really haven't picked anyone yet. 
I see it all the time when people come and tell me, I don't want you to let me down again. 
They invited lobbyists for America's largest polluters to come to Congress and rewrite literally the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act. 
With all due respect, this administration has a bad reputation in this regard, and it is at the disposal of all those who want to examine it and who want to talk to our men and women in uniform, and who want to spend time with the members of the joint leaders, who want to examine the levels of preparedness and other indicators. 
You remember it very well during your tenure, during you and Barack Obama. 
Well, you haven't ruled out more stops. 
More than 90% of American children go to public schools. 
We organized the Friends of Syria. 
It will be a wonderful time for the Russians to enter the Balkans and convince Mr Milosevic that it is in his best interest and that of his country to leave. 
If it's a failing school, close it and reopen it under the direction of a new director with a team of specialists like Governor Jim Hunt does in North Carolina. 
My plan balances the budget in six years. 
They have therefore indeed supported the sanctions package, although many of the sanctions are against Chinese companies, Chinese financial institutions. 
He thinks that we are moving forward, uh - in one - we are not going into a recession in this country, economically; he thinks that our power and prestige is stronger than ever compared to that of the communists, than we are moving forward. 
He broke his word. 
Mr. CLINTON: I agree with the general statement made by Mr. Bush. 
We did it in my own condition. 
I don't have a quarrel with that. 
It is said that the military option is on the table, but it is not considered credible. 
The question is what we are going to do in the future. 
PENCE: Indiana has adopted criminal justice reform. 
He's ready to go as soon as we get the vaccine, and we expect to have 100 million vials as soon as we get the vaccine, he's ready to go. 
However, we produce a lot of natural gas, which serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels. 
But I did not make a judgment, and I did not reduce a list of three or four people, among whom would be the candidate. 
It was not only the main driver of our federal deficit, our overall cost of health care, but it was families who were worried about bankruptcy if they were sick, millions of families across the country. 
Our goal should be, in 10 years' time, not to depend on oil from the Middle East. 
It was the right place. 
The President presided over an economy where we lost 1.6 million jobs. 
We left better than four years ago. 
So watch Ukraine, and let's make sure that we -- that Ukrainians understand that we are their friend and ally. 
I helped us enter Bosnia, while a number of my own parties and colleagues were opposed to this operation in Bosnia. 
How are you all on the recovery plan? 
Mr. OBAMA: This is the opportunity we need. 
It is using the Constitution as a political tool, and that is not true. 
CLINTON: I grew up in the separated south, fortunately raised by a grandfather who had almost no formal education, but with a heart of gold that taught me early that all people were equal in the eyes of God. 
You can't have a war on drugs, you can't be hard on drugs and weak on crime. 
They are not there to participate, only to listen. 
IFILL: Senator Edwards, you have a new question and you have two minutes to answer. 
I told you what he said about that. 
And it is smart not to divert your attention from the real war against terror in Afghanistan against Osama bin Laden and to leave to Iraq where the 11 September Commission confirms that there was no connection with 11 September itself and Saddam Hussein, and where the reason for going to war was weapons of mass destruction, not the abduction of Saddam Hussein. 
I spoke to one of the leading former chiefs of naval operations in my office a few weeks ago, who told me that 25,000 chiefs of staff were in short supply. 
They gave responsibility to capture and/or kill Saddam -- I mean Osama bin Laden to Afghan warlords who, a few weeks earlier, had worked with Osama bin Laden. 
In eight states, electoral workers are prohibited, currently by law, eight states, from the beginning to the processing of ballot papers, even remove them from the envelopes and flatten them until election day. 
But keep in mind, we spend 30 percent more on health care than any other country in the world, any other country. 
I have discussed the principles and issues that I believe are important in a patient's statement of rights. 
And Mr. Bush is right, both go hand in hand. 
I've been saying that for over a year. 
Of course, there are things that we can do in the renovation, in the renovation of our houses, not only of our houses, but also of our commercial structures, which will allow us to realize. 
He criticized our rescue mission in Granada, according to a UPI report. 
He raised a whole bunch of them. 
in numbers in our cities. 
And Congress could have done so if the budget committees of Congress, and Congress as a whole, had not increased the expenses that I had recommended in the budget. 
We keep those like the secrets of the atomic bomb, literally. 
Charlie, thank you, and thank you to our panelists. 
I apologize for that, but this one is entitled to national honor and I'm sorry. 
BUSH: Well, I would say that a meeting that made a profound impression to me was when the mayors of the big cities, including the mayor of Los Angeles, a democrat, came to me, and they unanimously said that the decline of urban America stems from the decline of the American family. 
You wouldn't use force? 
I'm Iris Siefert and I'm unemployed. 
That's why I didn't — not a single person, private insurance, would lose their insurance under my plan, and they didn't do it under Obamacare. 
KEMP: Well, to say it's the best economy in 30 years just shakes the imagination. 
But for our children and grandchildren, we must have a different strategy. 
Because it is the cornerstone of reform in the state of Texas. 
My plan says that we want to increase the marginal income on family incomes by more than $200,000, from 31 to 36 percent, that we want to ask foreign companies simply to pay the same percentage of their income taxes as American companies play (sic) in America, that we want to use that money to provide over $100 billion in tax reductions to invest in new facilities and equipment, for small businesses, for new technologies and for middle-class tax relief. 
It allows us to ensure that the projects that are invested produce greater wealth. 
That is not how we develop the economy. 
And that's the question. 
We were never asked to send troops to the West Bank. 
You both mentioned it. 
The prosecution is absolutely not true. 
The worst thing I can think of in this campaign would be that it should be decided on religious issues. 
We must have our staff at work. 
I didn't just have more power and more power. 
Sanctions were not working. 
Are you asking, with Robert Bork being the Chief Counsel of the Court for -- for Mr. Romney, who do you think he is likely to appoint? 
And if we do that, we can have an impact. 
Five million jobs are not even keeping up with our population growth. 
DOLE: Well, many of the provisions of the Kassebaum bill were provisions that -- my provisions, such as long-term care deductions, make sure that self-employed people who are watching tonight can deduct not 30 per cent, but 80 per cent of you pay premiums. 
I suggest that people go up to the Citizens Against Government Waste website, and look at these projects. 
Medicare will be saved because it will be placed in a commission where Bill Clinton and Bob Dole recognize that it must be studied by the same people who would study - or have studied, I would say, the social security system and saved it in 1983 and 1984. 
We were very involved in the UN. 
In the midst of a huge financial crisis that has not yet been resolved. 
I recently spoke to a very decorated soldier who said that this presidential campaign had left him dismayed. 
According to agreed rules, gentlemen, we have exhausted time to ask questions. 
This places a heavy burden on a State like -- except in an emergency. 
Or in Germany. 
You and your Vice-President had a few words about President and Saddam Hussein. 
Clearly, Abraham Lincoln said it better when he said that you serve your party better by serving the nation first. 
It's the people who should be in jail. 
I think the most important thing we can do is have a system of first-class public schools. 
CLINTON: In fact, he pleaded for the actions that we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi have come out, after doing some business with him a broader e.t. point — and he says constantly — is George W. Bush made the agreement on when the US troops would leave Iraq, not Barack a.d. The only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraq government that would have protected our troops, and the Iraqi government would not give us the question you asked, Lester. 
I ask him to consider whether the President of the United States acted wisely in the use of force and whether the clumsy remarks made by my -- my -- or by Governor Romney -- serve our interests very well. 
- No, sir. 
Bob, let's not go into assumptions of this nature. 
We must repeal and replace Obamacare. 
It would be paid to the Social Security Trust Fund. 
I am proud because her vision of strengthening together, building an economy that works for all, not only those at the top, being safe in the world not only with a strong army, but also strong alliances to fight terrorism and climate change, and also to build a community of respect, just as Barbara Johns tried to do 65 years ago. 
I want to tell him, I'm going to fight for a prescription medicine for all seniors and fight for the people of this country for prosperity that benefits everyone. 
And I don't think -- I think, I should say, as Lincoln once said, that I couldn't -- I would be the stupidest man in the world if I thought I could confront the tasks of the office I hold if I couldn't turn to someone who was stronger and bigger than all the others. 
If you read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. 
We want them to continue. 
And Judge Scalia was so involved. 
Mr. GORE: -- during the national period -- Mr. QUAYLE: I answered the question correctly. 
I put my wallet on the table for you and your children. 
And second, the people who killed Mr. Byrd had the ultimate punishment. 
And I want everyone to hear it, because there have been exaggerations on the campaign track: Remove the tax reductions for people who earn more than $200,000 a year; we will. 
You know, as governor, one of the things you have to deal with is disaster. 
Mr. Perot, what do you think is the most important issue in this campaign? 
Mr. WALLACE: Sir, you asked him a question, let him answer it. 
And a senator from Connecticut introduced himself, named Prescott Bush. 
And we have proven, I think very conclusively, that you can reduce the rate of inflation and increase employment. 
(CROSSTALK) RYAN: Make a big election on small ideas. 
We need more troops there. 
We have lost a lot of jobs in the manufacturing sector in the 12 years before my assumption of the presidency. 
We don't need a huge, $2 trillion Green New Deal that would impose all the new mandates on U.S. companies and American families, Joe Biden wants us to renovate $4 million– 
And, you know, in 2006 seniors will get prescription drug coverage for the first time in health insurance. 
What message does it send to our allies? 
As President, what would you do, in particular, more or differently to increase the internal security of the United States compared to what President Bush is doing? Jim, let me tell you exactly what I'm gonna do. And there's a long list of things. First of all, what kind of mixed message does he send when you have $500 million to go to Iraq to put policemen on the streets of Iraq, and the president cuts off the PSC program in America? 
And earlier today, each of them gave me a copy of their question for the candidates. 
Thank you to the candidates, to the commission, and to you for looking. 
And I want to talk about how Blacks and Brown Americans experience racing in this country. 
Capital gains rate, halve it, reduce it from 28 per cent to 14 per cent. 
Al-Qaida attacked us. 
We have the most expensive health care system in the world. 
No problem. 
Time's up. 
You have a mature workforce. 
That's why we're focusing on tax credits, to hire an additional 1 million people from social assistance in the city centre. 
Just let me say that. 
We've had a 25% reduction since the first year I was at the office. 
I want to cut spending and encourage economic growth at the same time. 
Mr. Mondale, it's your turn to refute. 
I did a lot of things that were controversial. 
Firstly, as is the case with the environmental and energy policy I have just described, and with the policy of non-proliferation of nuclear waste, this administration has no urban policy. 
Throughout the evening to try to see if we can look to the future, like l. w, let's talk about -- the next question is to talk about the merger of subprime loans. 
Hon.LEHRER: New question, two minutes, Senator Kerry. 
And believe me: The day Obama leaves, and he leaves, and goes to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed doesn't do their job. 
But I also see a great opportunity to negotiate with the Soviet Union to build on the progress we have made with the INF Treaty, which I strongly supported and which most Democrats have made to achieve these strategic arms reductions, to obtain a test ban treaty and to make real progress on the reduction of conventional forces in Europe. 
Now, if we continue these policies, that trillion dollars and a half of a new debt that has already been added on the back of the American taxpayer will increase even more, and if we continue this for another four years, then I'm worried about the next generation, if we can ever come back to this situation. 
And I think we've had enough of a record to leave -- under the guise of revolution -- someone we thought was a little bit fairer than we would be, letting that person go, and then ending with totalitarianism, pure and simple, as an alternative. 
In the final analysis, I'm doing this for your kids when you look at them tonight. 
We may not have known for months because these ballot papers are going to be over. 
To ensure that people have jobs for the 21st century, we must do so in the education system, and we are beginning to close a minority success gap now. 
And you'll be eligible. 
We can. 
To the governor. 
And if you haven't understood it yet, the right answer is that they're going to pack up the Supreme Court if they win this election somehow. 
Can I answer that? 
Over the past eight years, average growth has been about two percent. 
We have between 100,000 and 200,000 embryos that are frozen in nitrogen today in fertility clinics. 
You did it with disarmament, not to say charming, candour, you said it was a mistake, and you dissolved it and cancelled the whole idea. 
That will be one of the themes you'll hear tonight. 
When you got to the office, just over 10 trillion dollars in debt, now 16 trillion dollars in debt. 
Look at Lynn Martin, who fights against this glass ceiling and does a first-class job on it. 
We should also convert more vehicles into compressed natural gas. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, please respond directly to what the Governor has just said about the trick-down -- his approach to the trick-down, as he said yours. 
Governor Clinton, how do you respond to the President on the issue of experience? 
They have had enough of the quarrels and partisanship that seem to characterize the debate taking place in the national capital. 
And I am glad that Congress passed this drug bill and finally called for it to concern these drug kingpin narcotics. 
So here's the deal. 
We currently have nearly $20 trillion in t. e. will never work. 
We changed it. 
Even if you put his income up by ten percent, it would be two and three-quarters per hundred three percent- or three hundred out of those twenty-five cents. 
So, here's the combination of things I want, and the fact that I don't think the federal government can approve a $35 billion program does not mean that I have less compassion than the person who supports such a program. 
According to the President's policy, middle-income Americans have been buried. 
More people work harder for less, 100,000 people a month lose their health insurance, unemployment increases, our economy slows down. 
I thought he was a good model. 
Definitely not when it happens. 
Some programs are very important and underfunded. 
If you don't mind, I would like to use the rest of the time to respond to one of Senator Kennedy's comments on the previous question. 
On the other hand, you have Donald Trump, who ruled over a recession that is compared to the Great Depression. 
But we are not going to advance America and we will not be able to lead the world to win this struggle for freedom if we have a permanent inferiority complex on American achievements. 
They develop a positive or negative self-image. 
Now we have a majority and we have a president. 
When this republican administration took office, we were sending about $1 billion in weapons abroad, now ten to twelve billion dollars in weapons abroad to countries that often use these weapons to fight. 
And he did not urge them to vote for Bill McCain-Feingold. 
But there are very few. 
That's not the case, and let me explain the difference. 
In the last three months before an election, they are still for the programs they still fight for the other three and a half years. 
We have just crossed the sad milestone of the loss of 2,000 American soldiers in this war. 
We don't have time to do anything except. 
We will always protect Medicare as part of a balanced budget plan. 
Can we expect you to turn now to South Africa to force them to change government, to intervene in the same way to put an end to bloodshed, as you called it, for example, in Chilean or Chilean prisons, and to throw our weight on the values we cherish in the world? 
We did not hear from the governor details beyond Big Bird and eliminate funding for Parenthood Planning as to how he pays for it. 
It was unpopular. 
It was a little talk he gave Ross Perot when he said these SS-18s were gone, Ross, it's over. 
It is precipitated to go to Iraq with bombardments before even consulting our allies. 
We met your sons and daughters. 
And we won the election and so we have the right to choose it, and very few people, knowingly, would say the opposite. 
To go on the street? 
The lives of the elderly and the lives of people living throughout the country. 
I'll tell you what. 
There are people in Iran who have the same aspirations as people around the world for a better life. 
I remember a woman in Houston, Texas, who said, "Reading is the new civil law," and she's right. 
So, point one, at the highest priority, we need to get a bill for the regions depressed by the next Congress. 
Kristen, they tried to meet him. 
As a precaution, both campaigns agreed that candidates will not shake hands at the beginning of tonight's debate. 
We should get them to disclose the people they gave money to when they testify before Congressional committees; we should fill in the gaps of lawyers; they should have to disclose when they lobby. 
Very quickly, so I want to talk about what's happening on Capitol Hill. 
So I'm still focused on interference, I guess. 
CLINTON: Well, he'd rather believe Vladimir Putin than the military and civilian intelligence professionals who swore to protect us. 
Somewhere between these numbers -- and so there's a difference, what he promised and what he can raise. 
MCCAIN: The three priorities were health... BROKAW: The three -- health care, energy and rights reform: social security and health insurance. 
HUME: Senator, I want to bring you back if I can at the famous Breakfast Club, when it was first revealed that you had a plan for people to pay $10,000 a plate to have breakfast with you. 
One of the biggest problems today is that the countries of the south are so desperately poor that those people who will almost lose their lives if they do not come to the north, come to the north despite all the risks. 
And I regret to say that this administration has even blocked measures that could help us to go further. 
That was said sarcastically. 
No, but I'm glad you asked that question, because I know it's in the minds of many people. 
Here's the truth: I grew up in the bright light of America. 
We believe you can do something more effective with a moderate increase in money in the drug abuse program. 
Those are the words of the Republican president. 
I didn't say it was. 
The tax issue, because I think it's very important. 
Auto emissions - uh - were agreed by Leonard Woodcock, the head of UAW, and by the heads of the entire automotive industry, we had work and management together saying that these auto emission standards had to be changed. 
I would work with our allies in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere. 
But I'm going to be respectful of people, I'm going to tolerate people, and I support equal rights but not special rights for people. 
When -- when he was asked the size of the class... (CROSSTALK) GROWTH: The question, Mr. Speaker, was weapons here, so I have to move. 
I think the next president, immediately after his election, should sit down with the president, set a timetable, and - get a decision on this before January next year. 
In the back. 
The idea, however, that because we don't make town hall meetings that justify some of the announcements that have been on the rise, not only your own campaign directly, John, but 527s and other organizations that make some pretty difficult accusations, well, I don't mind being attacked for the next three weeks. 
BIDEN: I'm afraid any court will settle this, because this is the deal. 
But the greenhouse effect must be a threat to all of us, and we must look for alternative sources of fuel. 
You have two minutes, sir. 
I've had a lot of experience in dealing with ordinary people over the past year and month. 
There are 5.2 million new jobs in the private sector. 
Mr. Perot, what do you think about the governor's approach, what he just said? 
Today we spend 37 percent more on food for hungry people in all the different types of programs than we did in 1980. 
Now, Gerald Ford has left a five-year plan for a military reinforcement to restore our defences, and President Carter's administration has reduced that by 38%, cut 60 ships off from the proposed Navy construction program, and stopped the B-l, delayed the cruise missile, stopped the production line for the Minuteman missile, stopped the Trident or delayed the Trident submarine, and is now planning a mobile military force that can be delivered to various locations around the world that makes me question its assaults on whether I am the one who is quick to seek the use of force. 
We're going to put an end to this war. 
He told one of your colleagues, registered, that he actually knew how dangerous it was, but he didn't want to tell us, he didn't want to tell us because he didn't want us to panic. 
And he also runs on a platform that suggests a litmus test for the selection of judges - that only judges who hold a certain, quote, "view", on the sanctity of family life, should be appointed to the federal judiciary, one of the three major independent branches of our government. 
What should it be, Governor? 
A job, a home for all those who will work and save for it, street safety, health is an affordable health service. 
And the question is this, starting with you, Senator McCain. 
Look, you have to build a consensus, but in some things -- Ross mentioned Saddam Hussein. 
They had no human rights at all. 
As you said in this campaign, I am an environmentalist, and you described yourself as having no tolerance for polluters. 
Second, the Vice-President mentioned medical care for the elderly. 
(Applause) DUKAKIS: It was an extraordinary 18 month for Kitty, me and our family. 
When we don't give them the spare parts they need, when we don't give our pilots the flying hours they need to maintain their skill, when we don't give them the kind of leadership that sets out their mission, and let them know why they're putting their lives at risk, then we're blaming that morale. 
You know, if you look at what's happened in the last four years, we've gone from a projected surplus of $5 trillion when George Bush took office to a projected deficit of $3 trillion. 
I want to make sure it stays in this relationship. 
And I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend Donald's insulted selfish style. O: Governor Pence, let me ask you, you said Donald Trump is, quote, "Thinking, compassionate, and stable." Yet 67 per cent of voters believe that it is a risky choice, and 65 per cent believe that it does not have the right temperament to be president. 
And today, we have about five hundred Georgians at their own expense - just workers who believe in me - spread across the country, uh - involved in the political campaign. 
And when they happen, when they find them, they have to be sorted. 
I think the marriage is between a man and a woman. 
When Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State, Governor Pence, do you know that Osama bin Laden was alive? 
My biggest disappointment in Washington is how partisan the city is. 
The president has moved the troops, so he has 10 times more troops in Iraq than in Afghanistan, where Osama bin Laden is. 
Go ahead, Mr. Vice President. 
I spoke to an African-American police officer in Springfield, Massachusetts, not long ago, who raised this issue and said that in his opinion one of the greatest solutions is in training. 
But the fact is that it's something we need to start this will take at least the first year of the new administration. 
It was we who lowered the barrier to products with the Carla Hill negotiations. 
Then there's another crime working group because next to jobs, our people are worried about their safety. 
The State Department said so. 
All over the world, people are torn apart -- Bosnia, the Middle East, Northern Ireland, Rwanda, Burundi -- because of all their differences. 
Don't tell me about Wall Street. 
What service are you in? 
We do not intend to sell additional equipment or goods to Iran, which could be of a warlike nature. 
So I don't want the involvement to be that somehow everything we say is just cooked and put in our head by someone else. 
If you do not have health insurance or want to buy in a group plan, you will be able to purchase in the plan I have just described. 
I was taught -- I went to a church school and I was taught that the two greatest commandments are: Love the Lord, your God, with all your spirit, your body and your soul, and love your neighbor as yourself. 
And we were warned five days before the explosives were on their way, and they weren't taken. 
He broke his first promise. 
I don't think he -- he didn't believe it then, and the plan he promoted last year would certainly have been devastating for medicare. 
It's a commitment. 
Governor Bush. 
I've been talking since the first day. 
CLINTON: ...because everything he just said is absolutely wrong, but I'm not surprised. 
Let her answer it. 
Not only did he free the blacks, but he also freed the whites. 
Free nations will help us to achieve the peace we all want. 
BUSH: Well, I'm happy with the election results. 
Look, the maverick... let's talk about the maverick John McCain. 
Send us some people who will pass the idea. 
We have seen on Capitol Hill, in Congress, many allegations of immorality, so-called immorality, uh, which are very disturbing to the American people. 
I didn't do the most or run the greatest risk in a long shot, but I learned what it was like to be a man enlisted in the U.S. Army. 
I understand what it's like to send young Americans in danger. 
For those of you he wants to scare in the voting booth to vote for him, listen to me loud and clear. 
Maybe he's not the right person to talk to. 
Well, we're late, so I want to move on to our next segment. 
This is simply not true for Barack Obama. 
I'm proud of the fact that we empower people. 
Senator McCain continues to repeat this. 
Up there in Alaska, what we have done, with bipartite efforts, is to work together and, again, not take care of who has the merit of what, as we do things up there. 
But it is true that our borders are out of control. 
If Tom DeLay or someone in the House would say, "Sorry, we don't have the votes," I would have said, "Then we're going to fight." 
It's not just a threat -- a threat to the State of Israel. 
Mr HARRYELLIS: Mr President, as you said, the Americans, thanks to conservation, import much less oil today than a year ago. 
And they have guns. 
We've seen him before. 
I think we can work together. 
I don't think it's my job or my business. 
The temptation, on the one hand, to criticize the activities of the industry, as pointed out recently at the Federal Trade Commission, where they clearly take adult material and sell it to our children, while at the same time they participate in fundraising activities with some of the people responsible for this activity has been a source of concern to many of us. 
You did everything you could to kill the clean water law SHAW: Governor. 
She was part of the team that got bin Laden, and she will lead the team that will get Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of S. d., we had to disrupt the funding networks, thirdly, disrupt their ability to recruit on the Internet, in their shelters. 
Mr. Vice President, you have a minute. 
And if you don't, then you're going to have significant economic consequences. 
So I don't think the fact that you have that long resume or that you've had that experience is the real question. 
At the rate at which the President is currently getting it, it will take 13 years to get it. 
What's wrong with Star Wars? 
I don't see where a $50 per gallon gas tax would have changed the price of gasoline. 
I think that if you are looking for something that could develop, a problem that could arise, that could, in fact, compromise our continued prosperity, it is the possibility that we will find ourselves without adequate energy supply in the future. 
There are several things that can be done specifically that are not yet done. 
The rest of the Western world, it is said, could see its consumption increase from 51 million barrels to about 66 million barrels. 
During the 1994 campaign, I was asked to support the death penalty. 
I know that others disagree. 
Maybe that's the explanation, if you tell me the program. 
The force must be strong enough for the mission to be accomplished. 
I think it's part of it, and I said what I'm going to do. 
We have work to do to fight a real war, not a false war, against drugs. 
Now, how -- what -- what is the best way to fix it? 
Then descend to a start in 93 to execute these plans. 
And I prefer adoption. 
We have expanded Pell grants for millions of people, including millions of young women, across the country. 
And when it comes to our military and Chinese security, part of the reason why we were able to pivot towards the Asia-Pacific region after ending the war in Iraq and leaving Afghanistan is precisely because it will be a zone of massive growth in the future. 
Mr. President, your answer. 
Bush tax cuts for the rich, $800 million, including a billion for people who make a minimum of $1 million. 
And I don't understand why people use the term "special rights" when the question is "equal rights". 
It was only at a Republican congress that you thought, that you talked about tax cuts. 
Sometimes he has to act. 
It's on the ballot paper at the court. 
I will talk about the issues that matter to the people of this country: education, health care, pension security and moral values. 
That's not true. 
Second, I think one thing, if I was sent to do the job, I would sit down with the FDA, look exactly where we are. 
You said it, Mr. Sawyer: 
When they sell in_automatic, 16 percent, approximately. 
It's a lot of marijuana. 
I donâ€TMt think he will because in his plan if you calculate the $$100 billion comes from Medicare just for the richest 1% of the tax reduction. 
The president, of course, is the best I've ever seen in accepting this. 
So I'd be firm. 
He decides who the right people are. 
But it's certainly my responsibility. 
63 percent of Americans are not eligible to vote, even not participating in the process. 
I mean, look at him, and that's what we're asking America to have? 
And this one doesn't look good and it's not affordable. 
Our objectives should be to strengthen democracies, to put an end to communist and other extremist influences and to stabilize the community in this area. 
MCCAIN: The fact is that companies in America today pay the second highest tax rate anywhere in the world. 
Yeah, we're doing the job. 
I proposed a managed competition plan for health care. 
He's doing a lot. 
Did you approve of his diplomatic activity? 
What would you do in your next term to put an end to this? 
Not only that, but it robs this country of jobs, because instead of coming back with that million dollars and creating a shoe factory, let's say in New Hampshire or Vermont, if the company takes the money to Italy and - and builds a shoe factory, they don't have to pay taxes on the money. 
Get ready. 
And even when it was almost adopted, Senator Kennedy retained it for 100 days, because he was not satisfied with a provision. 
But I believe that with my record in Congress, having led the new Members to a code of ethics with an emphasis on it in full disclosure, I have a good file. 
I believe that the American people, if they had the leadership I expected to give, would be prepared to give this impetus to preserve the peace and restraint needed at home to keep the veil on spending so that we can, I think, have a tax cut expected and fully justified for middle-income people. 
God, I don't think I said I wasn't worried about Osama bin Laden. 
But what he said was that the United States was embarrassed for the last time. 
Giving property and entrepreneurship to low-income people as needed, not the colour of their skin. 
I am in favour of adoption. 
What is it at that time that drives or attracts so many Americans to use drugs? 
My turn? 
La question de la race. 
It was very dangerous. 
The same goes for health insurance. 
Perhaps for Senator Obama, that's not a lot of money. 
BUSH: I don't think it's about knowing whether people like you or not to make you an effective leader. 
BUSH: Three weeks from now -- two weeks from tomorrow, America goes to polls and you're going to have to decide who you want to lead this country to economic recovery. 
First, I gave him the benefit of the doubt on the house market. 
In both cases, there is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe and there will never be under a Ford administration. 
I was joking with an old veteran friend, who was joking with me, about Iran. 
Secretary Bill Cohen, a good Republican, and General Shelton, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, will both tell you that the US Army is ready to face any threat we may face in today's world. 
Why didn't he? 
We have experienced the worst financial crisis, the Great Recession, the worst since the 1930s. 
Look, the income I get is getting more and more people working, getting higher wages, paying more taxes. 
Then, from World War I to World War II, we had a policy of compulsory engagement. 
Depends on what he says. 
You know what, Antifa is a dangerous radical group. 
It's 100% dishonest. 
And that's why I made it a number one priority in my budget, not a tax cut for the rich. 
New subject. 
And the answer is neither the president nor I propose changes for current retirees or near retirees, either to social security or health insurance. 
I'll restore that $716 billion to health insurance. 
And that we do the things that make America the most attractive place in the world for entrepreneurs, innovators, companies to develop. 
Most people who lobby in Congress do lobbying. 
And therefore, we have seen millions of young people being able to afford university, and this will ensure that young women will be able to compete in this market. 
President Carter, you're the first. 
This complements the opening statements. 
It would be a big mistake because it polarizes the relationship between the police and the y. o here is what we are going to do. 
You must learn from experience that making unilateral cuts in the defence system is not the way you improve peace. 
He said that he and his son calculated the amount they pay in taxes, federal income tax, federal wage tax, state income tax, state sales tax, state property tax, gas tax. 
So we have ads coming out of Washington and coming out of Iraq, we will attack Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. 
It's okay. 
And we know it's real.I'm not one to attribute every man -- man's activity to climate change. 
And so I finally want to ask here, and remember, we have three minutes of total time here -- and the question is this. 
But again, Senator Obama has changed several times. 
And, in fact, in the meantime, what we said we would do, we would help train the Afghan army. 
I am in favour of reform in this area, for rigorous enforcement at the border, and for many other aspects of Bill Simpson-Mazzoli, but I have struggled for a just nation all my life. 
The Soviets say we will have a meeting when we think there can be progress and yet they have left these talks. 
And then, Helen, I really believe where people are going to ask that question about trust, because I think there's a model of Governor Clinton to say one thing to please one group, and then try to please another group. 
Peter Jennings, a question for the vice president. 
Governor Clinton's program wants to tax more and spend more -- $150 billion in new taxes, spend 220 dollars more. 
I was at the oval office the night President Clinton sent our troops from Ft. Bragg. 
And Donald insulted them and attacked them for weeks about their religion. 
And yet, they were questioned by the United States. 
Mr. STOCKDALE: I come from the freedom of choice of school. 
People, in a way, have always understood that at some point a certain man was the one the country needed. 
And apparently this year will be the fifth out of the last nine that are among the warmest recorded. 
So you can get out and create more jobs and more opportunities. 
The only two times that an unbalanced budget is justified would be during a severe recession - and we had that in fifty-eight in an unbalanced budget of twelve billion dollars - or a national emergency where there should be significant spending on national defence, which we had during the Second World War and, uh, during part of the Korean War. 
And that's all I'm trying to do is highlight it. 
Our main threat today is ISIS. 
I don't think we need a good Conservative judge, and I don't think we need a good Liberal judge. 
Let me raise another point. 
He is troubled, like me, by certain things that are happening today. 
We felt strong about them, and they did so well through us. 
We commuted more than 1,000 convictions. 
According to a study published a short time ago - the Harvard Business School study - only in the commercial sector of the economy, we could save between 30% and 40% of the energy we consume today in this country. 
Some schools are not safe. 
He used undocumented work to build the Trump Tower. 
We cannot put our heads in the sand and pretend that we are not facing a global environmental crisis, nor should we assume that it will cost jobs. 
We all know the possibility of terrorism. 
How are you? 
And he used the term "death of the unborn child." 
We knew he had been invaded by other countries. 
And what about the mining of Nicaraguan ports that violated international law? 
We've recorded everything. 
Drug use has doubled in the past 44 months across America. 
They always arm the man. 
We're ahead of our six-year schedule. 
You won't pay a fine, because... 
Joe sees what's happening in the Gulf States, which are beaten by storms. 
In any event, I think that we can finance essential programmes in a balanced budget, if business remains orderly. 
They've been ignored. 
We have done the job of implementing reforms to invest in the start-up. 
They tried with Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman and John Kennedy. 
Mr. Trewhitt, a question for Governor Carter. 
I believe that judges should not replace the legislative power of the government. 
It is an art, to follow all these variables and to know when to drop and reverse this economy together with pulls and thrusts. 
I don't think so. 
I believe that there is a fundamental and glaring fairness that must be achieved in our tax system. 
I think abortion is wrong. 
I don't pretend to know his heart. 
You need a better community, you know, relationship. 
He's still here. 
I think it's respect for life to reach this cure. 
I'm Jim Lehrer of PBS news. 
Thus, the United States began to prepare for its major actions during the Second World War and the post-war period. 
I believe in 2004. 
They did. 
It's gonna work. 
Why the farmer's constant courteousness? 
I would have hoped that the President of the United States could have made it clear that the Supreme Court decision would be enforced. 
This debate will focus on six main themes. 
So I vetoed it because of job losses and because it would interfere with our energy independence programme. 
Number one, let's focus on jobs. 
Why didn't you? 
MCCAIN: I know we have to, but it's a classic example of walking and talking. 
TRUMP: And yet she didn't know the word — the letter C on a document. 
Were they silent? Yes. 
And by working with all the countries of the region - unlike the policies of this administration and unlike the President, they have not supported the negotiations in this region - we will be much stronger, because we will have the moral authority that accompanies these efforts. 
TRUMP: Well, you want to rebuild everything 
Think again. 
Nine of the 10 active army divisions are either in Iraq or Iraq or have returned from Iraq. 
In the old days, we would see a threat, and we could face it if we wanted it or not. 
And I think you're right, that if we don't change education, we won't be able to compete. 
Mondale continues to speak in the debate and now he has come here about Mr. 
We need to have community policing as we have already done, where officers get to know people in communities. 
And by keeping the focus on federal spending, we were able to do a good job, a positive job in inflation and, therefore, added to the jobs in this country. 
We'll start with President Reagan. 
If one of you becomes president, as one of you will, how do you reorganize Afghanistan's strategy or yourself? 
It was a statement. 
But Russia has expanded its capabilities — they have a much newer capacity than we do. 
It's called automated control or instant control. 
But Governor Clinton's philosophy isolates them. 
BUSH: Well, I would just like to make a new distinction between the countries that are seeking democracy and the handful of countries that have totally violated human rights and are going on the Marxist path. 
I stole your line. 
What are we gonna pay for? 
TRUMP: The only thing I haven't done a good job, and it's because of the fake news, no matter what you tell them, they give you a bad press about it. 
But let's look at the other side of the room. 
And we -- we spend billions of dollars on missile defence. 
We added 1. 9 million new jobs in the last 13 months. 
This is something that I fought as a senator and that I would have a trade attorney to make sure that we are not abused by China on steel or something e.u. know, because it seems that you are in the company or you are aware of people in the company — you know that we are now for the first time independent of energy ever. 
Members of the audience will address their questions to a particular candidate. 
I object for the reasons I mentioned. 
But I object. 
And he perpetrated this outrageous and fanatical lie that President Obama is not an American f.p. you want to have a society where people are respected and respect the laws, you can't have someone at the top who downgrades all the groups he talks about. 
The last point I would like to make is that Senator Kennedy suggested in his speeches that we lack compassion for the poor, the elders and others who are unhappy. 
So I think some of these accusations are missing the point. 
This may be a long time, but we must begin immediately. 
And if you're afraid of having... PENCE: I'm not afraid to talk about it. 
We have met the targets this year, but in previous years we have not met the recruitment targets. 
St Petersburg is safer because of this urban programme that we are following. 
Reducing our education budget is not an intelligent choice. 
But if you're president, that's not the case. 
We spent $3.1 billion on fire and police, $3.1 billion. 
You know, we have 5 million Americans who have lost their health care coverage in the last four years, 45 million Americans without health care coverage. 
I've done a lot of work on this. 
Senator McCain is quite right: D.C.'s school system is in poor condition, and it has been in poor condition for a very long time. 
KAINE: First of all, we are going to protect social security, which is one of the biggest programs the US government has ever done. 
I'm here to prove that in America the possibilities are unlimited. 
Now, the last point I'm going to make on the whole question of the intrusion and the government's mandates -- it's absolutely true that I think it's important for the government to crack down on insurance companies that cheat on their customers, that don't give you the impression, so you end up thinking that you're paying for something and, when you finally get sick and you need it, you won't get it. 
My average in two years is twenty-six. 
For you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
I think we all know that America is going through difficult times right now. 
And the U.S. taxpayer should be happy that he has a president to resist an expense convention. 
And Sean Hannity said — and he called me the other day — and I told him about it — he said that you were totally against war, because he was for war. 
And it's not just America, but NATO is now helping, Jordan is helping to train the police, the United Arab Emirates is helping to train the police. 
And as long as they are not essential to the defense of Formosa, it is my judgment since 1954, at the time of the Eisenhower Doctrine for the Far East, that our line must be drawn in the sea around the island itself. 
The president's expenses, the president's borrowing will cost this nation to raise taxes on the American people. 
And I saw first hand, in a very lively way, the deep evil that came into this country following Vietnam and Cambodia, Chile and Pakistan, and Angola, and Watergate, CIA revelations. 
This is the largest expansion of private insurance. 
It's extraordinary, beyond belief. 
Weakness, as I said earlier, is provocative and clearly not in line with the standards we expect of this great nation to enter the most exciting global economy the world has ever known. 
I've never taken a penny from any foreign source in my life. 
I said, join a family? 
No, Bob, unfortunately, we haven't moved far enough. 
I didn't. 
Millions of lives have been lost, millions more are infected and facing a very dark future. 
Instead of doing something about it, I would come together and make sure that the world's comps come on $20 billion, and I would say, here, $20 billion. 
And thank you all. 
Today, it will take 12 generations. 
That's not my plan. 
I was governor of a large state, I made education my number one priority. 
I voted in favour of this proposal and strongly supported it, because I think it helped our teachers for their salaries without any chance of federal control and it was on this vote that Mr Nixon and I did not agree, and his vote on equal terms, uh, rejected his break in equality and rejected the proposal. 
To help the poor, we will have a commitment to programs and these programs will continue. 
We give up about $1.1 trillion in loopholes and deductions. 
It's about your family, the American people. 
He was appointed by her. 
From what I understand, we're building military bases there, and some say that they have a fairly permanent concept for them. 
You know, the Marshall Environment Plan, and so on. 
Mr. GEYER (spoke in French): Mr. President, in recent months it has seemed increasingly that your policies in Central America were beginning to work. 
He tried it in his condition. 
And we said, "Why don't we cut the middleman?" 
We are back in war in Iraq. 
On the other hand, two years ago, I said we had a subprime loan crisis that needs to be addressed. 
And beyond that, they asked for another -- look, the army says we need a smaller and leaner army, we need more special forces, we need -- we don't need more M1 tanks, what we need is more UAV. 
To come in and before you can buy the gun? 
And it's a wonderful thing to see when you go there among people. 
Barack Obama, another story there. 
There is a criminal bill that would put more police on the street, that was killed for this session by a wirer in the Senate, mainly Republican senators, and I think it's a shame that it wasn't passed, I think it should be made the law -- but there was Bill Brady, the waiting period. 
New York_New York has done an excellent job. 
Yes, Mr. Mondale, you have now complained about Jerry Falwell, and you have complained about other fundamentalists in politics. 
And by giving them these tax cuts, they had a little more money in their pocket, and so maybe they can buy a new car. 
Since the Second World War, the vital interests of the United States have always been defined by conventional commitments and presidential proclamations. 
The American people have the right to have a say in the name of the Supreme Court, and that happens when they vote for the senators of the United States and when they vote for the President of the United States. 
There's only 25% of the people in there. 
I think this is a realistic deadline. 
And we have — look, I have 200 generals and admirals who supported me. 
You had to come back to school, the chicken lost its feathers. 
And you were wrong. 
There's one thing called the Monroe Doctrine, something that the governor of Massachusetts said was replaced. 
This is a great tragedy, Gwen, when we think of the enormous cost here in the United States and in the world of the AIDS epidemic -- a pandemic, really. 
TRUMP: It's nice to — one in three. 
Psychological warfare. 
RYAN: Is every situation going -- will it create its own set of circumstances, but put the American troops on the ground? It must be in the interests of the national security of the American people. 
I couldn't do that to Ronald Reagan now, next year or another time. 
We've changed America. 
Maybe I can get back to it. 
As I look at our progress towards disarmament and the reduction of nuclear weapons and see what Ronald Reagan has been able to do with the INF Treaty - and I think it deserves much credit from it. 
They voted in favour, now they opposed it. 
I know the two candidates, both of whom have expressed their support for Israel. 
We have to think differently about the issue. 
I'm not gonna... 
Foreign affairs go back to the American people about issues such as oil embargoes and grain sales, that kind of thing. 
And then just a day or two ago, the U.S. Attorney General made a more in-depth investigation and came to the same conclusion. 
And a problem seems to be that you have not sought to involve people of a broad context or national experience in your campaign or presidential plans. 
You're judging the case. 
We reinvent the way OSHA does its work. 
They now have a plan to cover everyone and their premiums are two thirds of the rest of the country. 
The government. Dukakis speaks Spanish too. 
We could add jobs in large metropolitan areas by a proposal that I recommended encourage businesses to move into the city centre and expand or build new factories to take a factory, or expand a factory where people are, and people are currently unemployed. 
Senator Biden? 
He knows how to learn from the mistakes and mistakes we found during the war in Iraq, in particular. 
Let it talk. 
It was not about closing the border to Chinese arriving in the United States. 
Dana Crist of Lancaster said the day the tax bill was passed in Congress, she will open a new factory with 40 or 50 or 60 employees in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. 
We have just seen these two tragic examples in Tulsa and Charlotte. 
KERRY: Well, let me quickly say that I had an extraordinary experience of looking closely and personally at this transition in Russia, because I was there right after the transformation. 
One of his big ideas when it comes to corporate tax reform would be to say, if you invest abroad, you make profits abroad, you don't have to pay U.S. taxes. 
I had the honour of visiting Prime Minister Allawi. He's a strong and courageous leader. He believes in the freedom of the Iraqi people. 
But it must be a commitment from the United States of America. 
Mr. Ford didn't move on. 
BUSH: With all due respect, I'm not so sure it's credible to quote the main news agencies on -- oh, whatever. 
Imagine an African-American. 
When the president took office, the price of gasoline here in Nassau County was about $1.86 a gallon. 
TRUMP: I mean that I have just been supported — and others will be supported next week — there will be more than 200 admirals, many of whom here — admirals and generals supported me to lead this country. 
You didn't want me to ban China, which was very infected. 
No, I don't have an answer for everything. 
And I appreciate the fact that you supported the Hyde amendment, which in the past prohibits the use of taxpayer funding for abortion, but which is not Hillary Clinton. 
BUSH: I'm strongly convinced because I don't want it to get out of my time. 
Or a world where people have enough food and a world where we care about those who don't? 
So we have to do this. 
That's not what I have. 
It means it's simply inaccurate. 
And the president said that never, never, would he raise taxes in New Jersey, and in one day Marlin Fitzwater, his spokesman, said now, it's not a promise. 
In some respects, I think there are probably more similarities than there are differences in our personal history. 
When I closed and banned China from entering a heavily infected area, then finally into Europe, but China was in January — months later, he said I was xenophobic, I did it too soon. 
Number 2, I think you need to specifically support insurance companies and ask them to make a significant change in how they rate people in large community pools. 
We can't protect countries around the world... HOLT: We just... TRUMP: ...where they don't pay us what we need. 
Why don't you answer that question? 
All right. 
WALLACE: Over the past four years, you have promised to repeal and replace Obamacare, but you have never, over the past four years, developed a comprehensive plan to replace Obamacare. 
We're going to owe another $1 billion, just over $1 billion each working day of the year. 
People took my arms and said, "Please save my job." 
We want electronic medical records to reduce errors and reduce costs. 
So we have a big difference on this down theory. 
It will not be our ambition that will determine it, because greatness is not something that is written on a campaign poster. 
With all due respect, Social Security is less of the Bush-Cheney ticket. 
And then they put this new Obamacare board in charge of cutting off health insurance every year in a way that will lead to refusing care to current seniors. 
We stood up and said: For our troops, we must have a plan to win peace. 
And I know, from my experience in many campaigns, that if Senator Obama had asked -- he responded to my urgent request to sit down, to hold public meetings and to come before the American people, we could have done at least 10 now. 
We know what the cause is. 
And that means that the ordinary American who collects a paycheck every day, they have a little extra money to buy a computer for their child, to fill that gas that kills them. 
BIDEN: Republican cities, republican cities. 
Mr. Trump, I have to answer. 
I asked Congress not to harass the administration, and with regard to troop withdrawals on a schedule that was not necessarily in our best interest or in line with our nation's strategy, and so I think it's a good public policy, I think it worked, and I'm glad I made -- made the decision I made. 
No, it's... Mr. Perot, you're fine. 
I told people that it would be impossible to verify the facts all the time. 
The worst inflation since the Great Depression. 
I think that what we are going to do in the coming weeks - and I am absolutely pleased that the League is sponsoring these debates and that we are, we are now able to talk to the American public and address the issues in a way like this. 
I don't know what your lights are doing, Sander. 
That's my question. 
How will it affect my work? 
Walter Cronkite, you have your first question for Vice-President Nixon. 
And second, we've had enough fighting. 
And to keep it, what other question would you like most to see your opponent forced to answer? 
The President has no ideas, so he's destroying ours. 
So it'll stay the same. 
It became very political because the left... or I don't know if I'm calling them to the left, I don't know what I'm calling them. 
Dick Cheney must be one of the few people who think nothing has been accomplished in the last eight years. 
Governor Romney, you won the whip. 
And in the long term, they will be more reliable partners. 
He has advanced, proposed and obtained the permission of the Congress of $15 billion to help the international effort, to be targeted in places where we have to do everything we can, through a combination of education and to provide the types of drugs that will help people control the infection. 
OBAMA: Well, we have a tradition of local control of schools and it is a tradition that has served us well. 
We have to turn -- most schools are excellent, but we have to make sure they are all. 
This is simply unacceptable, and for Al Gore to continue suggesting that we cannot afford to reduce tax rates at all levels on the American people and on the formation of the capital needed to create new jobs for America is quite in contradiction with the experience of both Ronald Reagan, John F. Kennedy and other times of this century. 
And Donald talks a lot about the 30 years I've spent in the public service. 
The federal government can play a role, but don't be the prey of everything about money here and money there because education is really funded at the local level. 
We can better train Iraqi forces to defend themselves, and I know that we can better prepare for the elections. 
KAINE: Every president since Richard Nixon did it, and Donald Trump said I'm doing business with Russia. 
This year, Mr. Ford will spend no more than 26 per cent of all legislative proposals he will be making. 
The fact — I have a little more, a few minutes, I know you're worried — is that it has already cost the American people because of its terrible handling of the VOCID virus and its economic overflow. 
You say, "Oh, no, Mom, leave me here. 
We took the first step. 
...has expired. 
No one's ever seen that. 
So it seems to me that we can talk about what we call Kenny, the great exaggerator. 
We're making history now and it's pretty exciting. 
I have one last question for you. 
The second issue is that you said you were entitled to a deduction for taking a plant abroad. 
Thank you both. 
Quatre-vingt-dix secondes. 
WOODRUFF: John, a question for Senator Quayle. 
And wait until you see what happens in the years to come. 
Can I answer that? 
And you'd agree? 
Why should these families give you another four years in office? 
THEME: The economy of the WIEGHART nation: Mr.President, in 1980 you promised the American people -- in your campaign -- a balanced budget by 1983. 
And thanks to everyone. 
The cornerstone is strong accountability in exchange for money and flexibility. 
I know we can do better. 
So that we can cut tax rates at all levels. 
Not only does he advocate the abolition of this treaty - and I do not know that these men he cites are against the treaty in its final form - but he also advocates the possibility, he said, that it has been a missing element, to play an asset against the Soviet Union of a nuclear arms race, and insists on the nuclear superiority of our own nation, as a predicative for negotiations with the Soviet Union in the future. 
And believe me, if anyone has dedicated their life to respecting the role of religion in American life and understands that Americans since the beginning of our history have turned to God for strength and purpose, it is me. 
That's right. 
That's right. 
But he did -- he didn't admit a mistake and I just find it impossible to understand how an American can protest against his own country in a foreign country -- by organizing demonstrations against her when young men are detained in Hanoi or children of the ghetto have been recovered. 
And many of our military are underpaid. 
And foreign companies now come to buy our — buy so many of our different factories and then re-judg the factory so that they can take care of their e.g. kill — absolutely killing our energy company in this country. 
Really? 
I think we should increase our strength all over the world. 
First of all, 30,000 people killed by their government are a humanitarian disaster. 
That's what we've been doing for four, five, six years. 
We will arrive at foreign hotspots in a few moments, but the next segment is the ability to be president of the United States. 
And from history since World War II, there's almost 50-50 chances that one of the two men here tonight will become president of the United States. 
And I know President Obama feels the same way. 
He said I talked about the army. 
So if you want to see in real time what the facts are, go see. 
That is exactly what our budget does, but it is guided by strategy. 
Got a 3% increase this year, but that's not enough. 
We have all kinds of gifts. 
She doesn't have endurance. 
Merci, Joe. 
I lived in a communist country. 
Mr. MICHAELSON: Yes. 
But what Donald Trump and I say is that people don't have the reflex to take on the worst of men and women in law enforcement. 
Her name is Alicia Machado. 
You described kissing women without consent, seizing their genitals. 
Governor, if Kitty Dukakis was raped and murdered, would you prefer an irrevocable death sentence for the killer? 
But what I also said is that now that you have a democratically elected government in Egypt, they must ensure that they assume the responsibility to protect religious minorities. 
So for me, my faith informs my life. 
She's not giving up. 
Grain sales have been an advantage for U.S. agriculture. 
It's after losing 5 million jobs. 
President Trump, the first question is for you. 
For the record, if your Supreme Court candidates were to pass something that was called a kind of conservative ideological litmus test and give us an idea maybe of two or three people on your short list are for the Court. 
He doesn't have the same thing. 
They pay more effective taxes than Governor Romney pays in his federal income tax. 
Second point I would like to tell you is that when Floyd was killed, when Mr. 
And we see the result of the lack of a coalition: the first Gulf war cost America $5 billion. 
We have seen the lowest rate of economic growth in the last nine months of any major industrialized society in the world. 
Susan, the president... 
I was proud to be President of the United States at this very agitated time. 
And yet projecting force in a way that promotes freedom. 
I am not going to make the decision about the tactics that could be ours, but there are obviously a number of areas in the world that are important to us. 
In fact, just this week, the crown jewel in this program he designed was stolen, I suppose, because a conference committee rejected the ambitious plan that he should increase the amount of money that would be available to the Economic Development Administration for loan guarantees and direct loans and credits. 
All right, gentlemen, let's move on. 
The member of a union must have its rights strengthened and expanded and our children in their education should have the opportunity to improve according to their talents and abilities. 
GORE: First of all, I would like to congratulate the Governor on his response to these fires and floods in Texas. 
And so I think we need to have power in the hands of teachers, not the teachers' union. 
The Senate Budget Committee -- MODERATOR: Three times -- excuse me, three times the size of what President Clinton proposed? 
Really not. 
I saw it half full. 
It's a serious matter. 
GORE: I think it's a deterrent. 
What would you do if you were president? 
It's an honor to be here with you, and I appreciate the chance to be with the president. 
Who do you think was wrong? 
There are so many things we can do now to create thousands and thousands of jobs. 
Many administrations, certainly dating back to the Second World War, had to tackle the problem of what was to happen in the Middle East. 
But I know that, despite its commitment to reduce government spending, it went from $4 to $4. 
More than a million people are homeless. 
The first subject tonight is what separates you from each other. 
But let me say to America: I am not proposing a government-led program. 
If you're not silent, I'm going to beg the candidates to do something to calm down their own supporters. 
In fact, I said the opposite: I will never return the security of the United States to any nation. 
In fact, at present, trade organizations such as the United States Chamber of Commerce, which are generally quite supportive of Republicans, have stated that this would lead to the disruption of the employer-based health care system. 
I hope they've spoken and I hope that they've achieved a certain result and that the murder will come to an end. 
Moreover, he says that the cornerstone of his plan to succeed in Iraq is to call upon nations to serve. 
RADDATZ: The people you see on this stage have been chosen by the Gallup Organization. 
And they suffered severe brain damage, and do you know what Donald Trump rejected them like? 
It's as good as any private school in the country. 
This administration has removed a slice of meat, in terms of subsidized housing by the federal government, and the file is there. 
That's what they do. 
So how do you heal the fracture? 
My friends, the last president to raise taxes during difficult economic times was Herbert Hoover, and he practiced protectionism too, which I'm sure we will arrive at some point. 
I don't think it was helpful when he suggested - and I'm glad he corrected that to some extent - that seventeen million people are going to go to bed hungry every night in the United States. 
We will let everyone buy in the same health care system as senators and MPs give themselves. 
But even after we gave in and said, "Okay, let's talk about everything," they got away from the table. 
Putin now controls all television channels. 
Let me be simple about it. 
OBAMA: Well, I'm going -- I'm going to be very fast. 
Secretary Clinton talks about eliminating ISIS. 
And we made good progress early. 
Ukraine, at the moment, is in the eyes of Vladimir Putin, those who want to bring together the former Soviet Union. 
It has reduced federal support for education; it has reduced Pell's grants and loans to close the door to the opportunity of university for young people across the country. 
Yes, Randee. 
What would be your position on these things, which are important to the middle class? 
The theme that constantly evokes the way you govern is without passion, technocratic - DUKAKIS: Without passion? 
Admit it, which Arkansas does very, very badly against any norm - the environment, support to the police, anything. 
Mr. GANNON (spoke in French): Mr. President, I would like to continue for a moment on this question of the taxes that you have just raised. 
But let me tell you... 
Several parties cannot even enter into the debate; the Green Party, the Reform Party, the Natural Law Party, all these people are fundamentally excluded from what we are still participating in. 
And I have proposed a multi-point drug program that includes what I would do as President of the United States, with respect to improving the ban, and with respect to neighbourhood improvement. 
There are €TM have been the opportunity to do so, but this administration has failed to do so. 
But the policies that he put in place from Obamacare to Dodd-Frank to his tax policies to his regulatory policies, these combined policies did not allow this economy to take off and grow as it could have. 
I am going to veto anything that takes money from social security for privatization or something other than social security. 
The latest report on new purchases is the lowest since 1982. 
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, 
You disagreed with him on issues such as the amendment on equal rights, abortion, and you called his economic policy voodoo. 
I met with the legislative leaders. 
As I recall, he indicated that General Brown was not qualified to be a sewer commissioner. 
And one last thing -- just -- just to do that. 
I also believe that there should be partnership benefits for gay and lesbian couples in long-term relationships. 
And you know it, and everyone knows it. 
And what it's gonna do is a disaster for the country. 
And look, 'cause if the American people send me there, we're gonna get him e. w, everybody's gonna faint in Washington. 
Who has integrity and stability to do the job? My compatriots, I am this man and I ask for your support. 
And so the fundamental answer to your question, who can lead and who has shown the ability to do things? 
Your father was right to defend himself against Joe McCarthy, you were wrong to attack my patriotism. 
And what would you do about it? 
I know Senator Kennedy sees them, too. 
In a way, it's just a new label for something that's been happening for years. 
We're going to do it with an economic package. 
RONNEY: I just want to take one of these points, again, attack me like not talking about an agenda for -- to get more trade and open up more jobs in this country. 
I don't make money from Russia. 
And in 12 years as governor, I guess I took all the interest groups that there was in my state at some point to fight for change. 
We are working with Canada, hopefully, to help us achieve the vaccine we need to ensure that our citizens have received influenza vaccines in the coming season. 
And I understand what it is. 
These are cents on the dollar compared to the renewal of the cold war. 
Those are the facts. 
Because if you want to reduce the cost of campaigns, you have to open the airways, because what involves the cost of campaigns are the cost of advertising on television, radio, newspaper, mass mail. 
And I'd like to know what you are -- what would be your first step in social welfare reform? 
I'm not suggesting that it be done, but at least we should look at it. 
It's like a huge tax gap. 
What is peaceful protest? 
In other words, we were 18% of them -- young people between the ages of 18 and 24 were less than $12,000. 
So when you tried to be more holy than you, it really doesn't work. 
KEMP: Jim, Medicare is too important for older people across the country to play the kind of policy that is being played on this issue. 
They have a VAT tax. 
I also object, when I am told that Reverend Falwell was informed that he would choose two of our Supreme Court judges. 
Because by far the vast majority of aid goes to people at the bottom of the economic scale. 
We will never allow a woman to choose to be abducted. 
It's a pretty rural state. 
It is therefore an appropriate place to hold this debate, the subject of which is foreign and defence issues. 
So all he said about the way — every gesture he said we should do — that's what we did, we did all that, but he was right behind us. 
They're gonna do a huge job. 
If you don't try to compare George Bush to Harry Truman, I won't compare you to Jack Kennedy. 
Will they have any income in America? 
It's been gone for the last eight years. 
After all, counter-aid has been one of the cutting-edge issues in the country's foreign policy over the past eight years. 
100 billions de dollars. 
It's to make sure we have financial health and keep taxes low. 
And let me say that, all he can talk about is that he's running about Noriega. 
And when we are weak at home - weaker than all our allies - this weakness weakens everyone free. 
I believe that we must be able to compete with the market - steel and all commodities abroad - because we have always done so because of our technological advance. 
Or what would be your attitude about it? 
We have to stop him. 
Early on, they learn to learn. 
Overall, in America, cocaine use has dropped by 30 per cent over the past four years, occasional drug use has decreased by 13 per cent. 
One is in technical school, the other is an honorary student in high school. 
VANOCUR: Vice-President Bush. 
And so we know, in our personal and professional relationships, you have to keep your friends' word. 
Number 4, we would fully fund the pre-school assistance program to ensure that small children get off to a good start. 
It could be catastrophic if we didn't do it exactly. 
In New York, the candidate for the democratic presidency, Senator John F. Kennedy; separated by three thousand miles in a studio in Los Angeles, the Republican presidential candidate, Vice President Richard M. Nixon; now joined for tonight's discussion by a network of electronic facilities that allows each candidate to see and hear the other. 
And the next question is for you. 
We have a lot of time. 
And I want it all to be clear. 
Maybe you never know. 
That's the election. 
First of all, China illegally dumps steel into the United States and Donald Trump buys it to build its buildings, putting American steel mills and steel mills out of business. 
I believe that instead of doing this, we should focus our aid on long-term loans that these people can repay either in hard money or in local currency. 
I wrote about it in... TRUMP: You called it the gold standard. 
You first. 
QUIJANO: What specific measures would you take to prevent North Korea from developing a nuclear missile capable of reaching the United States? 
GORE: What I want to talk about tonight is Bill Clinton's positive plan for America's future. 
You were... CLINTON: At some point, we have to do some fact-checking here. 
If we go back to the corridor here, we're going to change a bit of speed here and we're going to go to foreign policy and international affairs, if we can... MCCAIN: I don't think -- have we heard the size of the fine? 
Science, technology and space are an opportunity for everyone, for all the young people who arrive. 
You, it's amazing for me, you're all having more responsibility at the local level for anything but schools. 
I believed it in 1998 when Clinton was president. 
The President's policy has been exercised over the past four years and they have not returned the Americans to work. 
But there's a bigger law. 
It has to change, and it'll be under Bob Dole and Jack Kemp. 
George Bush, in case you forgot, Dan, said, "Read my lips -- no new taxes." 
Medical expenses are the highest they have ever been in the last four years. 
You want jobs in downtown? 
Are you telling people it's dangerous now? 
- Yeah, that's right. 
And $500 billion out of the next five. 
The Vice-President's plan has no annual accountability, no third, no fourth, no fifth. 
Jim, when I got back from prison, I saw our veterans being badly treated, and it made me sad. 
Hon.LeHRER: Mr.Speaker, what do you say to Senator Dole that this election is about keeping the floor? 
And so, look, I'm going -- what you need to know about me is that I'm going to comply with the law, I'm going to have a Attorney General who enforces the law. 
Only tonight's subjects and questions are mine. 
Thirty-seven years in the Navy, and only one up there in Washington. 
The killer - the brain of the September 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, is in prison. 
I don't have any loans from Russia.I have a very, very big record, so great that when I made the old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue, the U.S. government, because of my record, which they really know very well, chose me to do the old post office, between the White House and Congress, chose me to do the old post office. 
The format was designed and approved by representatives of the Bush and Clinton campaigns, and it is somewhat different from those used in previous debates. 
Senator Obama has never taken his leadership of his party on a single issue. 
CLINTON: I want to answer your question, but let me say something else. 
In practice, you both want to bring prescription drugs to seniors, don't you? 
Have you decided whether such new laws are necessary and, if so, what would they do? 
So, if it's time to act, I think I have experience that matters. 
They gave peace a chance. 
But we must also recognize, in addition to the police challenges we face, that there are so many good and courageous police officers who also want reform. 
He voted against student loans; he voted against my best student loan plan; he voted against the National Service bill, against the HeadStart bill; he voted against our efforts in safe and drug-free schools. 
And today, without the federal government being involved in anything other than passing on to them, the school districts, the words of this commission, we find 35 states with task forces that are now dealing with their educational problems. 
Senator McCain is quite right to say that violence has been reduced as a result of the extraordinary sacrifice of our troops and military families. 
He voted to violate the budget ceiling 277 times. 
These are economic issues. 
This will give them the availability. 
Russia is. 
In that case, the question is yours first, sir. 
We expected one at the time of the Vietnam War, but it was used before we ended the war and taxpayers never got the proper relief they deserved. 
I think it can only be anticipation or hope -- to expect, without hope, that we may not have control of inflation and that it will resume. 
As commander-in-chief, I will maintain the strongest army in the world, I will maintain faith with our troops, and I will pursue those who will harm us. 
In the middle class of America that's where Todd and I have been all our lives, it's not patriotic. 
Why do you think you didn't make a more substantial impression on some of these people who were able to observe you closely? 
I know, I know. 
The fact is that we will not enjoy real stability in the Middle East until Saddam Hussein disappears. 
For the first four years, it takes a year to pass and for the first four years, only the poor are covered. 
African-Americans now 45 per cent of poverty in city centres. 
That is why we have included in the financial package a proposal to ensure that owners can renegotiate their mortgages. 
You have the last word, Mr.... 
I have to go back. 
Senator, few hard-working Americans would base their well-being on bonuses they hope to get in five or ten years. 
The criminal won't come and say hey, give me my ID. 
That's where we were. 
DOLE: Well, we have in our economic package -- individual retirement accounts where we think it will encourage savings. 
Every time I had a vacancy in the Supreme Court of Georgia - and I filled five of these positions out of a total of seven and about half of the Court of Appeals Judges, about 35 per cent of the trial judges - I was given by an objective jury the five most qualified people in Georgia. 
We're in the information age. 
President Trump, in this segment, you go first. 
Yet the United States' dependence on Arab oil as a percentage of total imports is much higher today than it was during the 1973 Arab oil embargo. 
They want to judge him on the file itself. 
That's when the deal ends. 
SMITH: The next question to Mr. Fleming's Vice-President Nixon fa. 
And with the plan I have, it's gonna do it. 
The next step is of course the question of whether or not there should be some kind of formal sanction of relationships or whether these relationships should be treated as a traditional marriage. 
The Senate has decided to adopt it, and the House is still struggling with it. America is watching these things happen on Capitol Hill, Senator Biden, was that the worst in Washington or the best in Washington we've seen playing? 
The first thing I would do is during the political campaigns, I would urge everyone to stop trying to divide this country into fragments and appeal to the differences between us, and then wonder why the crucible is all broken after November 3. 
I hope very much -- SIMPSON: Mr. Perot -- I don't want to cut you off anymore, but we only have a minute left. 
And it's a shame, and I'll do my best to clean it up, recognizing that you can't legislate on morality. 
ELLIS: Mr. President, when you were elected in 1976, the consumer price index was 4.8%. 
It is absolutely essential to bring our banking system and our credit system into the new era instead of reviving it in the dark ages. 
And then the president started what I called a tour of excuses, going to various nations in the Middle East and criticizing America. 
You've been saying for four years that you're going to release your taxes. 
MODERATOR: And if you become president, governor, are there other areas, racial problems, that you would deal with as president in matters of discrimination? 
So, what I want to make sure we understand here before we discuss another health issue, would you agree that you both agree on a national patient's declaration of rights? 
So much work has been done by the people there with the support of this administration. 
You know, it's funny, Mr. Mondale's talking about real interest rates. 
At the same time, gas prices doubled under the presidency. 
If they want to keep dancing slowly and talk about it without doing it, I'm not your man. 
Let's do it like that. 
Actually, he forgot Poland. 
And the reason why Pakistan - the popular opinion of America had diminished in Pakistan was because we supported a dictator, Musharraf, had given him $10 billion over seven years, and he had suspended civil liberties. 
This will, I think, address the next question. 
Thanks, Bernie. 
But number five, the other thing we have to do is recognize that we cannot continue to build a nation in these areas. 
Last night again, senior intelligence officials confirmed that Russia and Iran were trying to influence this election. 
A veto on a line article. 
Senator Obama, as a member of the Illinois State Senate, voted in the Judicial Committee against legislation that would provide immediate medical care to a child born of a failed abortion. 
Not necessarily in power, but here's what I'm going to say about $87 billion. 
First of all, it gives them an interest in the social security system. 
And again, the audience -- (simultaneous conversation) QUAYLE: (Inaudible) Here's what he said. 
And the only reason we got it was because Russia watered it and prevented sanctions from hitting the central bank. 
It's not bad for a guy who's never been there, is it? 
OBAMA: Well, I think that, given what has happened in recent weeks and months, our whole Russian approach needs to be assessed, because a resurrected and very aggressive Russia is a threat to the peace and stability of the region. 
Governor? 
It pollutes not only the atmosphere, but also the west coast of the United States. 
You must have the best intelligence in the world. 
We have to do something. 
I'm sorry to have to keep saying it, but he lives in an alternative reality. 
Of course they care about them. 
It is true that earlier, working with very prominent economists, I had come, during the campaign, with an economic program that I thought I could correct the major problems we are facing -- double-digit inflation, high tax rates that, in my opinion, are detrimental to the economy, the stagnation that we are experiencing. 
The key is to ensure that the next Secretary of the Treasury understands that this is not enough to help those at the top. 
Again, a little naivety over there. 
Before I decided to introduce myself, I had to solve two problems in my mind. 
We have fought to try to raise the minimum wage in recent years. 
And that was August, a year ago. 
And as I said, age alone, although I can tell you, after the experiences of the last few weeks in the countryside, I have added ten years to my age, age alone is not the only qualification. 
And Gov. Dukakis managed to reduce this deficit by ten consecutive budgets in the state of Massachusetts, while it reduced the tax burden on their people from one of the highest to one of the lowest in the United States. 
We need to increase our exports, and they are going very, very well indeed. 
As a result, I have made some proposals to strengthen the domestic oil industry by increasing the incentive to seek, find and produce oil; I have made some incentives in terms of secondary and tertiary production. 
No, less than you. 
If you had supported this attitude - if you had supported it, we would not have won the Cold War. 
I made at least ten uh - speeches in different parts of the country where I discussed with the American people defense and foreign policy. 
You just heard my plan. 
And I don't agree with that. 
We've had this discussion before. 
Yeah, I'm in. 
And if you want a hard president who uses that force to get weapons control and draw the line in the sky, vote for Walter Mondale. 
But respectfully, sir, I'm talking about taxes, not expenses. Besides, I'm going to eliminate a large number of taxes. 
But I think whoever wears a uniform is a great American. 
Now, after warning you, I would like to say to the committee that you are entitled to a question and follow-up. 
Fourthly, I believe that polls and other studies and votes at the United Nations and anyone who reads the newspaper and every citizen of the United States must come to the conclusion that the United States no longer bears the same image of a vital society in motion with its brightest days ahead of it a decade or two decades ago. 
And that's, and that's what's gonna happen. 
You don't ignore the differences. 
I just finished reading a book, I think that's what we call -- what we call, what it is, the disappearance of the Democratic Party by Ronald Cardash (ph) or something that talks about all the liberal influences in the administration. 
It's okay. 
I will ensure that we invest in our country and in our families. 
That is why we say mutual and verifiable freezes. 
I would simply like to thank the three experts and the three candidates for their participation — President Bush, Governor Clinton and Mr. Perot. 
Period, period, period. 
I think it is important that the United States remain in Europe and continue to guarantee peace. 
It's a personal opinion. 
LEHRER: Senator Dole, speaking of your tax plan, do you still think that this is a good idea, the overall tax reduction of 15%? 
And so — and I'm just going to say that, Governor. 
It doesn't help. 
You have 90 seconds, Mr. Vice President. 
I proposed a plan to defeat ISIS. 
Yes, sir, please. 
With respect to Mr. Bush's murder of his tax problems and the difference with the tax he paid once and then with the tax he paid later, I think that if you looked at the deductions, there was a big legal charge in there -- maybe you had to do it, with the sale of his house, and they had to do with his creation of a blind trust. 
This is the balance of a budget by 2002. 
Ronald Reagan made a super exceptional, the only one he made, appointment to the Supreme Court and it was Sandra Day O'Connor, and Mr. Falwell objected to his appointment. 
I am convinced that, as long as we have not reversed this continuing decline in property and put a floor under it, and so people have not only hope and belief that they can stay in their homes and realize the American dream, but that value will rise. 
Let us do what we know must be done and know that one day, in history 100 years or perhaps before, someone will say, "Thank God for these people in the 1980s for preserving our freedom, for saving us this blessed planet called Earth, with all its greatness and beauty." 
Second, I think one thing that if I were sent to do the job, I would sit down with the FDA, look exactly where we are. 
That would be neat, plausible and false. 
And believe me, they don't do it to get me elected. 
But on the big issues, on whether or not we should have gone to Afghanistan, the big question of whether we should have taken someone out of Iraq, I will stick to those decisions, because I think they are right. 
Another way to do this is to extend Medicaid. 
- What's that? 
Except for now, when they applaud as we welcome the two candidates, Governor Bush and Vice President Gore. 
And will he soon be replaced as a majority party by the Republicans? 
He's trying to attack me. 
Vingt secondes. 
Sometimes people who are very idealistic and have big dreams, like young people do, are likely to stay away from the political process because they think their good heart could be fragile, and if they invest their hopes and let themselves be believed, then they will be disappointed and disappointed. 
We found that those who reached 185 per cent of the poverty level received government benefits. 
I would also say that when Senator Kennedy talks about the action of the House Rules Committee, there are eight Democrats in this committee and four Republicans. 
It was actually $1.7 billion in cash, of course, for the hostages. 
We have made some progress over the past eight years. 
So the polls are interesting, but I don't know how to explain the fluctuations. 
I described what happened in Iran, and we weren't there either. 
When he took office, 32 million people were wearing food stamps. 
And if you do that kind of thing, then you come to a judgment that I think I'm wise. 
Wisdom is not all in Washington, D.C. 
We know you want tougher control. 
It is also interesting to see that one of his campaign directors who tries to help him with his image was also hired by Noriega to help him with his image in Panama. 
It was a principle, and it was strategic. 
So here's the deal. 
This is the number one threat we face in the world. 
But we have never been willing to do anything that, in fact, has made freedom anywhere in the world. 
That year, I paid a lot of state and local taxes, which, as you know, are deducted from the other, and so I looked at the other day, and we had paid - I think that's 42 percent - our gross income in taxes. 
They never did. 
And we knew where the fuel rods were. 
There may be tests in space. 
Hon.Biden: Make sure, in fact, that you inform honourable senators. 
But let's not put it there, let's say in terms of average family. 
HARRIS: Well, I mean, I thought we saw enough in last week's debate, but I think it's supposed to be a debate based on facts and truth. 
I fought hard in my time in the Senate and as vice-president to cut the rolls of social assistance, and we have moved millions of people to America in good jobs. 
Your Leader in the Senate. 
That's part of what took us out of surplus deficits. 
Number two, better education. 
One thing we agree with is the need to be offensive in the pursuit of terrorists. 
I'll work with the Republicans and the Democrats. 
I am very careful in public life about the processing of classified information. 
I do not think that America can spend a lot of money with many new programs that would significantly increase the federal budget. 
TRUMP: I'm just asking a question: why didn't you do it eight years ago, a short time ago? 
That's the problem. 
We can't -- we can't afford $800 billion for people who make a minimum of $1 million. 
That we must be part of an ever-increasing shortage. 
And once again, Al Gore and I will do whatever is necessary to keep it that way. 
The reason why social security -- it says it gets 2%. 
All the time will be devoted to answering questions from journalists. 
It's so dangerous on the ground that they can't be trained there. 
And why don't you say those words, Joe? 
By the way, instead of Mar-a-Lago or yourself, sir. 
In 20 days, you will help decide who will lead this country to the next century. 
I've heard more of the same thing. 
But I think my file is even more relevant at home. 
I think it would be a mistake, because I think one of the ways we have succeeded in Kosovo, Bosnia and Haiti and elsewhere is to have the technological advantage. 
The stakes of this campaign are issues of peace-war; problems of deficits; problems of trade deficits. 
And maybe part of this problem is because during the 4 years of the Carter-Mondale administration medical costs in this country increased 87 percent. 
And under me, when I run this country, the Secretary of Defense will have to make the choices, between how we keep, how we protect the survival of our nuclear deployment on the Midgetman missile, or on the Minuteman, whatever. 
I hope he didn't. 
It also requires something that Governor Bush's plan does not do. 
Yes, yes. 
We shouldn't have called Bashar Assad a reformer. 
Our people are unemployed, and there is a sense of withdrawal. 
MITCHELL: Mr.Governor, continuing on this subject, you say that we need to do something about conventional forces. 
She went to China once famous and got up to a human rights meeting and looked them in the eye and said, Women's rights are human rights. 
But we need to be more aggressive. 
KERRY: I think it was a failure of the presidential leadership not to re-authorize the ban on assault weapons. 
The president gave the first percent of the income-earnings in America, earned $89 billion last year, more than the 80 percent of people who earn $100,000 or less all together. 
But I think it's important to step back and think about what happened in Libya. 
Caterer for Senator Kennedy. 
Go on, Joe. 
I think we can do this in a way that represents what America is, that is, equal opportunities and the opportunity for people to realize their potential. 
It took too long. 
Gentlemen, good evening. 
Each candidate must be interviewed with the other's opportunity to comment. 
The most recent figures, the last three months, in the third quarter of this year, the inflation rate is 7% - still too high, but it shows very clearly that in addition to providing a huge number of jobs - nine million new jobs over the last three and a half years - the inflation threat is still urgent for us. 
So all these things have to be examined, of course. 
You are entitled to it, and we would like to ensure that we provide tax relief to all those who pay taxes. 
Well, here we go again. 
GORE: It was in an announcement, Jim, which was shot down by the journalists who analyzed the announcement and said it was misleading. 
(Laughter) BUSH: Well -- (APPLAUSE) But I don't -- I think you have to look at the integrity and honour of the people who are lobbies and those who are lobbyists. 
We did it by taking $60 billion that went to banks and lenders as intermediaries for the student loan program, and we said, we're just going to cut off the intermediary. 
It's terrible what's going on in Chicago. 
We will explore three topics this evening: prosperity, America's leadership and America's security. 
But I do not think that the State, the Council of Regents, an Education Council, or any State official should try to compose this prayer for a child to recite. 
This nation can certainly come together to promote the value of life. 
And perhaps even more importantly, the nation's overall and underlying inflation rate has risen from 7% to 9%. 
But I don't think that private schools should have the right to withdraw taxpayers' money from public schools at a time when Caley Ellis is in this class. 
I know that democracy must be encouraged on the markets. 
Yet you remain an unwavering opponent of substantial control over handguns. 
But what we know about this administration is that a long curriculum vitae does not equal good judgment. 
We've finished the segment. 
Today we imported 2 million barrels of oil less than we did the same date a year ago. 
As we discuss the ANWR there, at least we can agree not to agree on it. 
He insisted on the elections in the West Bank, when I said, and others said, and Barack Obama said, "Big mistake. Hamas will win. You will legitimize them." 
There's no need to take my word for it. 
It's $1 -- it's $1 for every $15 you cut. 
I am not in favour of a $5 trillion tax reduction. 
And the thing I find most troubling about Obama Care is a long list, but one of the things I find most troubling is that when you talk to small businesses and ask them what they think about it, they tell you that it prevents them from hiring more people. 
You're wrong. 
President Bush wants to maintain the tax line, Bill Clinton wants to increase taxes. 
Of course, we can take an axe and scalpel from that budget. 
We fight against the green shades of the eyes. 
That's what Donald thinks. 
And we will do so with the highest moral standards. 
We can't do it. 
What message does this send to our troops? 
Instead, he directed the money towards a tax reduction, a large part of which went to rich interests. 
I think we should have foreign aid, but I don't think we should just have foreign aid for the sake of foreign aid. 
I would never ask you to do anything for me, but I owe you this, and I do it for you. 
Revenues are rising for the first time in a decade, crime rates, social assistance rates are falling, we are putting an additional 100,000 police officers on the street. 
CLINTON: Well, whenever Donald is pushed on something that is obviously uncomfortable, as these women say, he will immediately deny his responsibility. 
Secondly, we will ensure that premiums and drug prices are reduced by ensuring that there is competition that does not exist now by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices with insurance companies. 
Did this happen when you were young, during your years of training? 
We will have to develop better Community transport systems, so that with buses and light rail we can replace private cars in places where they are clearly not energy efficient. 
I think, for example, that if we are convinced that a third world country with a lot of debts would reform itself, that money would not come into the hands of a few, but that it would help people, I think it makes sense for us to use our wealth in this way, or to exchange debt for precious rainforest lands, that is quite logical, yes. 
Mr. WELKER: Vice-President Biden, your answer and then we'll have one last question for you two. 
Should United States military personnel be deployed as warriors or peacekeepers? 
This is the most comprehensive act in our history on air quality. 
I'm sorry, but it's not -- it's not the facts. 
We should all participate in programs that offer a viable alternative to abortion. 
Unfortunately, he escaped to the mountains of Tora Bora. 
Talking about VA: We have increased VA funding by $22 billion over the four years following my assumption of the presidency. 
And calling a businessman or a woman who sits down and has the chance to express her interest in how these laws work and call them polluter is just scandalous. 
We have the highest score of guard dogs following the foundations. 
And you should be careful with them, they'll overthrow you. 
It's a difficult economy. 
What I would also like to stress is that Iranians put the most deadly IEDs in Iraq that kill young Americans, that there are special groups in Iran that arrive in Iraq and that they are trained in Iran. 
RIDINGS: Good evening at the Kentucky Center for the Arts in Louisville, Kentucky. 
Now, the last point I'd like to make before... LEHRER: Two minutes -- two minutes is over, sir. 
Now, we've just heard the vice president two or three times: he's not going to raise taxes. 
And then we found, thanks to the good work of the Associated Press, that more than half of its private meetings when she was Secretary of State were given to the major donors of the Clinton Foundation. 
Isn't it time to do it?" 
But it shouldn't be surprising for a guy who says 47 percent of Americans don't want to take responsibility for their own lives. 
Our relationship with Israel, my relationship with the Prime Minister of Israel is such that we would not have received a call saying that our bombers are on their way, or that their fighters are on their way. 
Let them say you live with the vice president. 
Are you saying that this is not relevant, Vice-President Gore? 
We have to move on to the next question. 
This is therefore a national security problem. 
Our people will be happy to provide the press, if they are interested, with Senator Gore's voting record on the Caribbean Basin Initiative. 
Governor Palin, isn't he? 
Thank you, gentlemen. 
Who has the environmental file? Who has an interest in the environment? George Bush and I, yes. 
I'm glad you raised this issue. 
It's gonna be a fraud like you've never seen before. 
In the field of nuclear energy, we have increased research and development, under the aegis of the Energy Research and Development Agency, in a very substantial way, to ensure that our nuclear power plants are safer, more efficient and that we have adequate safeguards. 
This is completely wrong, quite by mistake, and it is a fact that, over the last eight years, the Democratic Congress has reduced the appropriations requested by more than ten billion dollars. 
But the honest Abe said it wasn't the right thing to do. 
And a majority in all countries, with the exception of Greece, estimated that it would be the Soviet Union by 970. 
I agree with everything she said. 
I mean, you know, it's hard to ask a professor who earns $30,000 or $35,000 a year to tighten his belt when people who do much more than they live high enough on pork. 
And over a longer period, that the federal government begin to absorb a portion of it that is now being paid by state governments. 
There are a lot of business people who never went bankrupt once. 
They didn't. 
Number two, using the standard that the Governor uses, John McCain voted 477 times to increase taxes. 
The only people who will reform Russia are Russia. 
And it also requires that we maintain some continuity -- a bipartite commitment by the United States to certain principles. 
PAGE: Thank you, Senator Harris and... 
We want to be able to do for you all Americans, give you $1,000, as she was able to return the money to her parents there. 
QUESTION : Oui. 
They agreed to express this enthusiasm only once at the end of the debate and now, as we welcome Governor Mike Pence and Senator Tim Kaine. 
But the same question now for President Carter. 
We now have defence systems that the costs are completely out of control. 
I would not go, in particular, in the field of education. 
I don't think the Fed should be placed under executive authority. 
He gave us a copy of the speech. 
This is not going to help in rights. 
I think it's proven. 
He cares about 100% of Americans in this country. 
I strongly support new investments in clean coal technology. 
That's something you could consider. 
Reducing White House staff by a third after or at the same time Congress does the same for its staff. 
They asked for the tanks. 
Science doesn't know. 
I don't know why -- I never understood why Mr. Perot was so upset, because one of the guys he worked for him, I think, had accounts abroad. 
The dollar went through the ground. 
I think the areas I would bring are the things that Governor Bush highlighted when he chose me. 
Thirdly, we have all kinds of agreements on paper, and some are executed to get rid of nuclear warheads. 
But for these countries - North Korea, also under Kim Jong-il - we must ensure that we impose economic sanctions on these countries and that we have friends and allies who support us in this task to ensure that leaders like Kim Jong-il and Ahmadinejad are not allowed to acquire, proliferate or use these nuclear weapons. 
It's... it's an abomination. 
I mean, she and Obama, whether you like it or not, the way they came out of Iraq, the emptiness they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. 
Secretary Clinton, you want Assad to leave. 
We will move on to the point of no return in the next eight to ten years. 
What do you think is the probability that there will be another 9/11 attack on the American continent? 
I don't want to jump in. 
Governor Clinton, 1 minute. 
It has committed them significantly to cap Iran's nuclear weapons programme. 
These are the states of the Midwest, they are the states of the Upper Midwest, where the peak occurs significantly, but they are all American. 
Why are you thinking about these solutions right now? 
Senator Obama wants to set up health care bureaucracies, take charge of America's health care by -- as he said, its purpose is a single payment system. 
It is a threat to the stability of the entire Middle East. 
What is true and wrong about what we have heard, read, discussed, debated the causes of climate change? 
Of course, the president and I have very strong convictions. 
When we do that, instead of closing the government for a partisan fight for the budget, we are a better country and that is why we are making progress now. 
I think it will take a combination of supply management and reasonable price support to ensure that our farmers get a decent price, and I think it will also require an administration that will understand that there are enormous opportunities to develop new uses for agricultural products, new uses that can help us clean up our environment at the same time. 
Thank you, Carole, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. 
I think we all do. 
I am Chair of the Chair's Working Group on Regulatory Relief and we are working with the FDA and they have accelerated the marketing of medicines that can help. 
It will therefore be a modern health insurance system that trusts you to make a variety of options for you. 
I say that the American people do not want to return to these policies. 
Four years ago, in this forum, he was asked the same question: Can't people import drugs from Canada? 
Yes, it's very difficult to refute, because I agree so much with Mr. Mondale. 
Since I was at the office, we have had a constant, carefully planned, methodical, but very effective increase in our commitment to defence. 
The three men who killed James Byrd, guess what's gonna happen to them? They're going to be put to death. 
We've reviewed your tax proposals. 
You still have energy -- you still have a question. 
Well, if we don't fix this, you're right. 
What I proposed would be paid by increasing taxes on the rich, because they made all the gains in the economy. 
RYAN: Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, where he served 87 percent of the legislators, who were democrats. 
What the hell is that? 
We're doing a little better on the ban. 
Donald Trump avoids paying taxes. 
Now, to your question. 
And again, Senator Harris, you are entitled to your opinion, you are not entitled to your own facts. 
And if you really want to get involved, tap my home page, w. 6.org. 
In addition, we need tax discipline. 
We should have a universal pre-school and we should make a tuition tax exemption at university, up to $10,000 a year. 
You see, the map, it will have a period of time attached to it. 
One of the reasons people are skeptical is that people don't answer the questions they've been asked. 
But they still blame Russia. 
And in a video tonight, President Trump blamed him again for the coronavirus, saying that China will pay... . - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Vice-President Pence, how would you describe our, our fundamental relationship with China? 
PENCE: – American business buildings. 
And the founders were intelligent. 
I won't privatize her. 
You said you're gonna make them pay. 
And in both cases, I would favor them. 
00, a woman receives only 59 cents. 
But if we take victory and adopt Senator Obama's plan, then we will have a broader war and that will make things more complicated throughout the region, including Afghanistan. 
The best thing to do is look at Mr. Ford's administration file and Mr. Nixon's before his. 
These are two people who were for the war when the headlines were good and against her when their polls were bad. 
We are about to lose 200,000 more people. 
He said that Russia's provocations must be welcomed with US force and that if Russia continues to be involved in air strikes with Assad's Syrian government forces, the United States of America should be ready to use military force to attack the military targets of Assad's regime. 
I think there's a better way to do it. 
With regard to Israel and Palestine, Gwen, the suicide bombers, in part, were generated by Saddam Hussein, who paid $25,000 to the families of the suicide bombers. 
You're being judged by the entire case. 
We need to restore law and order. 
And people -- not everyone agrees with some of the decisions I've made. 
We're gonna get to... 
George McGovern is a friend of mine, so I don't mean, but he was a Liberal, proud Liberal. 
The only thing an executive order can do is prohibit it in federal law enforcement agencies, but I would also support a law in Congress that would do the same thing. 
Managed care takes over, especially in California. 
And that is why I must say that I agree with General Colin Powell that we are not there yet. 
I welcome you to the second presidential debate in 2004 between President George W. Bush, the Republican candidate, and Senator John Kerry, the democratic candidate. 
Let me start by saying, words matter. 
The peaceful protest is that violence is never appropriate. 
And the reality is that part of Afghanistan, the eastern part of Afghanistan, where Osama bin Laden is located, is one of the most difficult and precarious places to control, Gwen. 
This was done in 1960. 
I want to assure you that John McCain and I are going to fight for America. 
Tomorrow I'll be all." 
It's a big country. 
But despite President Reagan's same commitment, after the reduction in income tax rates, in each of the last five years, some federal taxes have increased, on social security, cigarettes, alcohol, even long distance telephone calls. 
It is important that we recognize that there will be areas of common interest. 
5% under President Ford. 
Other lands have been restored since I was president. 
What I'm saying is that, as we promote life and the culture of life, there are certainly ways to work together to reduce the number of abortions: to continue to promote adoption laws -- this is an excellent alternative to abortion -- to continue to fund and promote maternity homes; and to continue to promote abstinence programs. 
And certainly, I'm not proud of that. 
Hon.GIBSON: Senator, would you like to follow up? 
And it seems to me that the Indiana senator is starting to do it. 
The disagreement I have with Governor Romney is that, during this campaign, he often spoke as if we were to take premature military action. 
Do you agree? 
It's Washington in a nutshell right there. 
I spent a lot of time talking to military families and military personnel all over the world and at bases across the United States, and I was convinced after talking to families and uniformed personnel that we should not only have the salary increase, but that we need to invest more in child care, housing and other things to support families, especially when there are longer deployments due to the downsizing of military personnel. 
President Reagan said no, peace by force. 
America is stronger than Russia. 
It's not just what your philosophy is and what's your position on the issues, but can you do it? 
I know you talked about the Jim, Jim Lehrer on the PBS show. 
I was in charge of black universities and colleges. 
The general who was with him said, "All he wants to do is divide people, not unite people at all. It is a president who used everything as a dog whistle, to try to generate racist hatred, racist division. 
When I make a mistake, I say I'm sorry. 
He voted for the last two budgets, which spent $24 billion more than the budget proposed by the Bush administration. 
I don't think there's any question about it, and I don't want it. 
And then he said, when he pressed, "Go back. 
They are people like Mitterrand of France and Kohl of Germany and President Kiprianou of Cyprus - you go on the list, five pages of people that the Soviet leaders managed to meet and in one way or another they could not meet the President of the United States. 
Now I voted as I voted because I saw that he had a bad policy and I wanted to be accountable. 
How do you answer that? 
So let's talk about who is ready to lead our country over the next four years on what is an existential threat to us as human beings. 
One of you won't win this election. 
You know, every time Donald thinks things don't go in his direction, he claims that anything is rigged against him. 
When we took up our duties, we found that the national parks were so dirty and contained so many dangers, safety deficiencies, that we stopped buying additional land until we corrected that with what was supposed to be a five-year program -- but it's pretty much over -- a billion dollars. 
But that doesn't mean it wasn't a judgmental mistake to go there and focus on Osama bin Laden. 
You know, no one likes who shot John, but I think that the first negative campaign in this election was by Governor Clinton, and I'm not going to sit there and be a punch bag; I'm going to stand up and say, hey, listen, here's my side of this one. 
Senator McCain and I disagree recently when the Supreme Court made it more difficult for a woman named Lilly Ledbetter to claim her claim of wage discrimination. 
The American people had lost faith, confidence and confidence in the presidency itself. 
You can't solve a problem unless you diagnose it. 
You must have a clear vision. 
The order, remember, was determined by the drawing, and Mr. Perot, you're the first. 
Give each American a $5,000 refundable tax credit and get out and get the health insurance you want instead of warrants and fines for small businesses, as Senator Obama's plan provides. 
Yes, we withdrew 22,000 soldiers last month, but the remaining troops who are there, who still have the same mission to continue the counter-insurgency, do so with fewer people. 
This is progress, a concern for the well-being of the population. 
Then the other day, he says he's in favour, but we have to pass other laws. 
Mr.Quayle: That was really pointless, senator. 
There is still work to be done. 
I often sit with world leaders and talk to them on the phone. 
By the way, I couldn't do that as president. 
Uh - they want to know a bipartite organization like the National League of Conservation Voters says that when it comes to environmental issues, you are - and I quote - "without hope". 
I was in a city in Pennsylvania not so long ago, near here, and there were about four or five thousand people in the audience, it was by train. 
I'd like the record to show the panelists that Ross Perot took the first shot in the press. 
Do you like the 16 million deportations? 
And we want to invest in the creative and innovative jobs of the future. 
If we are an arrogant nation, they will blame us. 
Oh, you're gonna leave me. 
We need a strong economy. 
KENNEDY: Well, Mr.Nixon did not discuss the two fundamental questions: what will be done and what will be his policy on the implementation of the 1954 Supreme Court decision? 
Thank you, Senator Harris. 
He'll also make sure you don't pay so much for gas. 
The administration seems to be having a big party of love tonight, but the administration made the right decision on training Nigerian troops for situations like this one in Rwanda, and so I thought they had made the right decision not to send US troops to Rwanda. 
We must do everything we can to train Iraqis and accelerate this process. 
As far as Iran is concerned, when I became Secretary of State, Iran was a few weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. 
HEARING_QUESTION: What I would like to know, and it is for you three, is apart from the recent achievement of your party, apart from these achievements in racial representation, and without mentioning any of your current appointments or successful elections, when do you think your party will nominate and elect an African-American and women's post to the presidency of the United States? 
Our army is the strongest army in the world. 
It's not a complete place. 
And I have every right in the world to defend my record and my positions. 
That's what a president has to do. 
TRUMP: ... and burn your stores and kill people everywhere in the place- [crosstalk]. 
Prime Minister Rabin gave his life believing that this trust could be materialized, and I still think it can be. 
All right, gentlemen, let us talk about Russia. 
Number two, it's about... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: You don't agree with this bomb and if the Israelis... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: I don't want to get into classified things. 
Thank you. 
You bet. 
It's -- SCHIEFFER: Okay. Let's see this -- ROMNEY: But let me -- let me come back -- we can come back. 
That's weird. 
That's where we can be. 
First of all, could you support this effort by him, or would you sign a bill that is finally passed and that includes -- BUSH: I would support an effort to ban soft money from companies and soft money from unions as long as there were voting rights. 
We'd be in a stronger place today. 
We're both very proud to have done this. 
MCCAIN: We need to encourage programs such as Teach for America and Troops for teachers, where people, after serving in the army, can go straight to education and not have to pass those exams that - or have the certification that some are required in some states. 
PENCE: Thank you – Thank you – Thank you, Senator Harris. 
I told her about my personal feelings that I would never have had an abortion, but I wasn't sure if I became pregnant as a result of a rape if I would be as legitimate. 
This is the task of the 21st century. 
Grades 4 and 8 students are tested in English and mathematics. 
He crossed the driveway. 
He really turned this country around. 
And, in fact, violent crime accounts for half of what it was in 1991. 
5.6 percent. 
A whole range of things the president said. 
But take a look at the democratic convention. 
KONDRACKE: Mr. President, since the United States has two important strategic bases in the Philippines, would the overthrow of President Marcos constitute a threat to vital American interests and, if so, what would you do about it? 
So, to answer your question, I support, I guess the way to say it is affirmative access. 
You went bankrupt to General Motors. 
He has made him a part of our foreign policy and has enthroned assistance to Contras through convicted drug traffickers. I think these are very serious questions of judgment, which those of you who are watching us here tonight have the right to judge and review. 
As far as my tax returns are concerned, you don't learn that much. 
All the things we've done. 
Now, as far as ACORN is concerned, ACORN is a community organization. 
Can I have 15 seconds, too? 
SHAW: Senator Lieberman, this question concerns you. 
So I thought what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous. 
BROKAW: Senator Quayle, as you mentioned here tonight, you actively supported the invasion of Grenada, which was a military operation to save American medical students and save an island from a Marxist takeover. 
And our best days are ahead of us. 
But even in this area, where I think the new legislation would be justified, Congress did not respond. 
And it has suspended all travel from China, the second largest economy in the world. 
You're voting now. 
You're gonna have this choice for this election. 
This is Allawi's assessment. 
I've never offered a test where we give our safety back to any nation. 
The fact is, I'll accept it, and he'll do it too. 
Your husband called Obamacare, quote, "the craziest thing in the world," saying that small business owners get killed as a double bonus, coverage is cut by half. 
Ann Compton for the vice president. 
Yes, I think that's a very good question, because I've heard a lot of teachers and parents about some of their concerns about some of the things that are said and done in this campaign. 
People need to understand, we can come together as a nation. 
We have a plan to balance the budget while protecting Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. Creating millions of new jobs, including a million in downtown America. 
I understand the tax code better than anyone who comes to the presidency. 
And we have to take care of them. 
But we had Osama bin Laden stuck in Tora Bora. 
I object. 
BIDEN: The fact is that when we knew he was coming, when he struck — what happened? 
But by doing all the favors of others, she does me favors. 
So that's where my income cap would be triggered. 
And you have to vote for someone with a plan. 
All I know is to keep trying to do it. 
This is such an important issue, but we also have other important issues and I want to make sure that we have a chance. 
But now we are rebuilding it again. 
Thanks for asking. 
Donald Trump said to keep them out if they're Muslims. 
The fact is that he actually worked on this in a way that he will be the first president of the United States to leave power, having fewer jobs in his administration than when he became president. 
Vice President Quayle, go ahead. 
And these discussions are still under way and things have become more calm as the current season approaches. 
But what President Clinton did, he was indicted, he lost his license to practice law. 
And all these so-called Dreamers, these DACA children, they will be immediately certified again, so that they can stay in this country, and put on the path of citizenship. 
I know a lot. 
That is why Senator Eisenhower was also right in his policy in the Strait of Formosa, where he refused, and refused to follow the recommendations - the recommendations that Senator Kennedy voted in 1955; once again in 1959; once again, in his debates that you heard - recommendations concerning - again - the eviction of a free territory, and abandoning it, if - in fact, to the communists. 
Let me say that the situation as it exists today, because of the policies of this administration, is not improving. 
So, obviously, if we can start to increase the values of the house, then there will be the creation of wealth. 
Each candidate will then have two minutes to answer, and then we will have a discussion. 
He wasn't a loser. 
Was -- Lorranna -- Lorraine -- we are a nation of immigrants. 
Let the taxes expire as if they were supposed to be on those millionaires. 
We will use military means, we will use military means - but we must focus on another part of this problem, and this problem is law enforcement. 
I want to answer, if I can. 
And so we must understand that we cannot simply surrender and lose jobs year after year. 
But to say in one way or another this group of young women who said "military wives for McCain" say something derogating from you, but everything -- and those veterans who wear these hats that say "World War II, Vietnam, Korea, Iraq," I'm not going to defend people saying that the people who come to my gatherings are everything but the most dedicated and patriotic men and women who are in this nation and they are great citizens. 
Here's another difference. 
We're going to finish by 2014, and when I'm president, we're going to make sure we get our troops out by the end of 2014. 
And I think we may have established a little more understanding. 
Look where we are today. 
That was their recommendation to the Oval Bureau to the President of the United States of America. 
They have given up responsibility for dealing with it to the Europeans. 
Who's right? 
This has had a devastating impact in many communities. 
This is a very tense situation. 
So, as we rely increasingly on other countries that do not care as much about the climate as we do, we allow them to produce and emit and even pollute more than America would ever do. 
Meanwhile, there has been the development on our part mainly, cruise missiles; cruise missiles that could be launched from land-based mobile installations; cruise missiles that could be launched - launched from high-performance aircraft, such as the B-52 or the B-1, which I hope we are proceeding with; cruise missiles that could be launched from surface or submarine vessels - naval. 
And Joe's plan is to say we're going to take care of it, but we're also going to create jobs. 
On July 4, we had a wonderful two hundredth anniversary - for our great country. 
And that's where their work goes from one dollar an hour to six dollars an hour, and ours goes down to six dollars an hour; then it's levelled again, but in the meantime you've destroyed the country with this kind of transaction. 
And then you cut the education expenses when you took office. 
He has four employees. 
We have less than half of the staff we need to complete this training. 
And I served with many Republicans and Democrats, men and women of good will. 
Surveys are good signs of fluctuations, but they vary greatly from one another. 
Free Iraq is essential to the security of this country. 
I think this is part of the strength and character of this land that it reaches, and that it wants someone to talk - and I'm going to do it. 
Roderick fears that he will not be able to get the courses he needs to go to college when the time comes. 
As I said, I worked my whole life when I was in Congress. 
It collapsed. 
It was a disaster. 
You know, I was in New Hampshire. 
That's not what we are today. 
We don't know what's going to happen. 
You're the one taking all the money from Wall Street. 
And as President Kennedy said when he came to the presidency, he said, "I'm not running to be Catholic president. 
This will certainly be a crucial issue during the next presidential term. 
I don't know at all. 
In fact, since the late 1960s, when Mr. Nixon took office, we have reduced the percentage of taxes paid by corporations from 30% to about 20%. 
I believe that the programs that Senator Kennedy is advocating will tend to stifle these creative energies, that is, their program would lead to the stagnation of the motivating power that we need in the country to achieve progress. 
And the local school districts end up having more than one burden, a lot of unfunded mandates, the same kind of thing that happened with special education where we did the right thing by saying that every school should provide education for children with special needs, but we never took into account the promise of funding, and that left the local school districts very poorly paid. 
And I also agree that most police officers, of course, do good work and also hate this practice. 
Each candidate will have up to 2 minutes for a final statement. 
The reason you didn't do it is because all your friends enjoy the same advantage as me. 
Either way. 
In the 1860 election, Abraham Lincoln said the question was whether that nation could exist half-servant or half-free. 
And now we have a big question for the Americans as to whether we are going to face this deficit and bring it down in the interest of a healthy recovery. 
There is a very strong moral basis for this concept of equal opportunities. 
Friends, we can build this bridge until the 21st century, big enough and strong enough for us all to cross, and I hope you will help me build it. 
You choose your doctor. 
And that is what is expected of anyone standing on a stage of debate in a general election. 
Welcome to the 1996 debate between Vice President Al Gore, the democratic candidate, and Jack Kemp, the Republican candidate. 
And the last conversation she had with her father was that he was calling twin towers, saying, "Peyton (ph), I love you and I'll always look after you." 
As policy changes, its positions change. 
In winter, it falls. 
The problem is that because the good would not necessarily match the inflation of health care, it was estimated that this would cost the average elderly about $6,000 per year. 
The use of diplomacy in this situation has already, well, it goes hour by hour and day by day now. 
The candidate who was a candidate for the President of Brazil took a trip to Cuba to call Mr. Castro during the election in order to get the benefit of Castro's supporters, uh - in Brazil. 
I expect to have the opportunity to do it myself. 
They delivered interest rates that were immediately on the charts. 
We have implemented them in a determined manner. 
KEMP: Civility, responsibility, racial reconciliation, healing the wounds of our country must be one of the greatest, the most singularly important objectives for this country here on the edge of the 21st century. 
LEHRER: Two minutes on Iran, Senator Obama. 
30 seconds, Mr. President. 
Pharmacotherapies replace a lot of drugs as we used to know. 
The Vice-President and I have a disagreement on the use of troops. 
I'm very impressed with that. 
Again, I will say that I will do my best to make it a discussion of ideas and questions, not insults. 
You want to put in a lot of new Supreme Court judges. 
I'll make sure we go in the direction of quick tests, investing in quick tests. 
PALIN: One thing the Americans are doing right now, however, is committing us every day, the Americans, Joe Six Pack, the hockey mothers across the country, I think we have to get together and never say again. 
You, on the other hand, say that you will try again to convince a Congress reluctant to ratify the current treaty on the grounds that it is the best we can hope to get from the Russians. 
I promise not to raise taxes; I give a tax reduction to people who earn less than $200,000 a year. 
CLINTON: I happen to support this in a way that will actually work for our benefit. 
We spend a lot of money on modernizing our weapons system. 
I would like to ask each of you to support your assertions. 
The Soviet Union refused to accept this, and we went to the top and it was disastrous. 
LEHRER: Afghanistan, Senator McCain? 
Mr McGee, I am planning a speech on this next week. 
And you know what's going on? 
I don't want to see the federal government tell the communities, well, you can't do it anymore. We'll tell you how to do everything. 
All we have to do is get the government out of the oil industry, and that will be enough. 
I want the McKinney Act to be fully funded. 
It's not an easy situation. 
We have a plan to do this and a plan to give our young people a choice and more control over their own lives. 
Free nations will respond to the hopes and aspirations of their people. 
Nixon spoke - before the newspaper editors in the spring of 1954 about putting, and I quote, "American boys in Indochina." 
It should be his decision, not Donald Trump's, and vice-president Michael Pence. 
We were faced with high inflation, more than 12 per cent; we were faced with high unemployment. 
You see, for something to be done in the name of the people, you have to put aside partisanship, and that's what we've done in my state. 
We have to show that we have good habits, because if we run billions of dollars of debt that we pass on to the next generation, then a lot of people will think, "Well, you know what? 
I'm complaining about that. 
It's a good start. 
And the president is moving towards the creation of our own nuclear weapon. 
What's he saying to Alexander Kwasniewski from Poland? 
What we don't want is to lose the gains we got. 
And in my state, I am proud to say that we have organized an education and drug prevention program that the Federal Drug Enforcement Administration considers to be a model for the country. 
And the only threat was that it could give weapons of mass destruction to an organization like Al-Qaida, and the damage they inflict on us with planes would be multiplied by weapons of mass destruction. 
But the fact is that America is the greatest force for the good of world history. 
And what can we do to intervene, to ensure that young people have the opportunity, that our schools work, that if there is violence on the street, that we work with religious groups and law enforcement, we can catch it before it is out of control. 
I do not think it is necessary to put our military in Syria at this stage. 
And he said, if we're just wearing a mask, we can save half of those numbers. 
And there is almost no question that separates the two of you more than the question of immigration. 
PENCE: Well, I hope we have a chance to talk about health care because Obamacare was a disaster and the American people remember it well. 
My opponent said it was a bitterly divided moment. 
So, please, it hasn't been dismantled. 
I would also like to point out that the Republican Presidents of those years, faced with a democratic majority in both chambers of Congress, have found that their requests for defence budgets are very often reduced. 
It's the end of tonight's interrogation. 
And they give absolutely no indication, on the basis of this dossier, of being willing to move forward and aggressively pursue the war against terrorism with a kind of strategy that will work, that will defeat our enemies and ensure that the United States is no longer attacked by Al-Qaida-like people. 
WELKER: Okay, President Trump, let us give Vice President Biden the chance to respond, and then we'll move on to the next section. 
And we don't do what we should do in terms of technology. 
This is an unreasonable position in which we are when we have energy reserves in this great country. 
And the colleagues in the Senate weren't going to go with him. 
They will not allow the holding of free elections. 
And how do we do that? 
It was very, very difficult to allow executions to move forward, but in circumstances where I did not feel that there was a case of leniency, I told the voters in Virginia that I would abide by the law, and I did. 
You can finish it once it's over. 
But I am very concerned about the whole problem of the spread of atomic weapons. 
It means seeing that our economy is moving even faster than it has. 
That's where people on Main Street like me, that's where we really feel the effects. 
Khrushchev had felt if we had had a flight over the unit... how we would have felt if Mr. 
Because we are fundamentally in disagreement with the position of the United States, and if its view prevails then I think that this will bring an important result to this country in the 1960s. 
I'm against it. 
You did Perry Mason, we're going to give you a trial. 
Tell Aleksander Kwasniewski from Poland that we're going alone. 
Once we have broken out — once we have crossed the lines and allowed the competition to come... COOPER: Are you going to leave — are you going to have a mandate that the Americans must have health insurance? 
And I'll tell you, no, I didn't. 
Less than 5 percent of the contras supported Somoza. 
It's okay, it's great. 
And I ask you to give me the opportunity to make you proud. 
It's not mud. 
CLINTON: One of the reasons I came to the Chair, Sandy, is because not only the children, many adults felt it. 
But when you lost that vote, you then approved the global freeze proposal. 
Germany has just arrested three Syrian refugees linked to ISIS, but they told you that there is a good and bad way to do it. 
America is strong. 
There will be no opening statement, but each candidate may have up to two minutes for a closing statement. 
But I agree with Senator Gore on one thing, that is, we should look to the future, and it is the future that will be the next President of the United States. 
The differences are very clear. 
On the tax reduction, it's a big decision. 
All right. 
If we fail, then freedom fails. 
I believe in the transformational power of freedom. 
But I know how to get America back to work, restore our economy, and take care of the Americans who work. 
No one wants that. 
What they like to do is point the finger at the fault of one hand and distribute pink slides with the other hand. 
Let me tell you something about being president. 
You keep talking about all those things you're going to do and you're going to do that. 
Joe is going to invest that money in what to do about innovation. 
It is pollution, carbon dioxide and other chemicals that are even more powerful, but in smaller quantities, that are the cause. 
And why Mr. Monad doesn't understand that there is a new enthusiasm in this country, that America is back, that there is a new strong leadership, I don't know. 
I don't think he was misleading when he said he was right to disarm Iraq in the spring of 2003. 
It reminds me of the movie's phrase, "Show me the money." 
We have reduced the federal budget deficit by $70 billion. 
Health insurance belongs to you. 
Mr. TREWHITT: Mr.Governor, allow me to proceed. 
With respect to the other issues he raised, I know veterans. 
How can we exert effective pressure on Russia on humanitarian issues without triggering a new cold war? 
Any comment, Mr. SHADEL: [interpretation] 
All right. 
This 90-minute debate will be divided into nine segments of approximately 10 minutes each. 
We're going to need more cooperation with our allies. 
It's so important. 
What Fritz Mondale and I feel about the situation there is that what you are doing is that you are dealing first with the negotiation. 
For example, in our state of Texas, I worked with the legislature, Republicans and Democrats, to pass a law that said that if you come into the top 10% of your high school class, you are automatically admitted to one of our higher learning institutions, college. 
I've tried to change it since then, especially the cocaine portion. 
Otherwise, it will continue. - What did he do? 
And it was like no, $750. 
The man loves his family very much, and I like him, because I love my family. 
There is now the opinion of a federal judge on the current management of this program ordering the state of Texas to do -- you should read that judge's language on this subject. 
WALLACE: President Trump, you have begun to question increasingly the effectiveness of masks as disease prevention agents. 
All the things she's talking about could have been taken care of in the last 10 years, let's say, when she had great power. 
The Vice-President met with them at the beginning of the year. 
I could get that rope out for a long time, but remember that, Jim. 
First of all, Hillary, everything's broken. 
And he has you as a race companion, a man who runs the league finally counts in the receipt of CAP money, which is the money collected by organizations of special interest. 
Is that what the president says? 
FERRARO: First of all, let me say that terrorism is a global problem, and then I would like to say that - Mr Bush referred to the embassy that was held in Iran, well, I was in the White House in January, I suppose it was, in 81, when these hostages, all fifty-two of them, returned alive. 
He's right. 
Where the Soviet Union has acted irresponsibly, as it has done in many of these countries, especially recently in Poland, I think we should insist that the Western credits granted to the Soviet Union bring the rate of the market. 
American workers are the best in the world. 
That's what our message is to people watching. 
Equal opportunities in housing, which could be done on all federal housing supported by a penny from the President. 
America is free. 
Didn't you do exactly the same thing in Lebanon, not once, but three times, with 300 Americans, not hostages, but dead people? 
Natural gas production has been the highest in decades. 
His first statement was: "The two parties should exercise restraint. » 
They even have a statement that we have to give the big man 10%. 
From 50,000 to 50,000, these people paid two thirds of the taxes, and these people got two thirds of the tax reduction. 
CLINTON: Well, 67 percent of people voted to re-elect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humiliated by that. 
Air quality has been cleaner since I was president. 
They sacrifice with us. 
We use airports and hangers and we have a lot of people... 
Nobody told me that. 
We have a lot of differences in our country, and some of us believe that other people's decisions are wrong or even immoral. 
TRUMP: I'm not a typical politician, that's why I was elected. 
Now, you and I never went around on many of those yachts and fancy stuff he bought, but you and I are paying for it. 
And he's still talking about - uh, success. 
There should be filters in public libraries and public schools, so that if children access the Internet, there will be no pornography or violence. 
They bring their crops or their cattle, many of them at about the same time. 
We can't defend Japan, a behemoth, sell us cars per million... 
ROMNEY: It is also essential that we understand what our mission in Iran is, that is, to deter Iran from having a nuclear weapon by peaceful and diplomatic means. 
And now they say I'm immune. 
It is not the question of how he avoided military service 20 years ago; it is the fact -- it is the fact that he is not telling the truth about it. 
Our country has huge problems. 
I saw what the American soldier won in Operation Iraqi Liberty. 
We think we have a plan to keep cases that do not belong to the system outside, but we also do what they have not done. 
It seems to me that denying the federal government's responsibility to do something about our collapsed cities is to deny the opportunity for one thing: to 55% of the black population of our country who is locked up in the inner cities of our country's metropolitan areas. 
They've already started in the defence budget. 
If you don't really want to do this, I'm not your man. 
They tried, he wouldn't. 
And that's exactly what I proposed. 
They gave him a lot of consciousness and a lot of work. 
We look at front-line workers who have been treated as sacrificial workers. 
I meet them all the time. 
Israel cannot be blamed for that. 
But the important thing is that if we are defeated in Iraq, what General Petraeus foresees, if we adopt the date set for Senator Obama's withdrawal, it will have a disastrous effect in Afghanistan and in the American national security interests in the region. 
We accepted the results when we may not have liked them. 
Secondly, I think we have a rich country. 
Every time you think you want to legalize drugs, go to a neonatal unit, if you can come in. They have between 100 and 200 percent capacity at the top and bottom of the East Coast, and the reason is the birth of crack babies. 
My daughter is a social worker. 
We must - there must be a package with a number of other essential elements. 
I became president at the time when the United States was in a very troubled time. 
I've been talking about this recently with Vincent Fox, the new president elected in Mexico, he's a man I know from Mexico. 
Obamacare's not good. 
Sometimes my advice was followed. 
It makes a huge difference in how a child is able to grow up and have a sense of self, a sense of self-esteem. 
The CBO said very clearly that if you adopted the President's plan, there would be a $2 trillion hole in social security, because today's workers pay the system for today's retirees. 
We will choose the best man we can get. 
Let us now turn to another subject, that of health. 
We can exercise at sea now. 
I could never have dreamed that something like that would come into my life, and I did my best to be faithful to the burden you gave me. 
Governor Carter, you have proposed a number of new or expanded programs, including employment, health, welfare reform, child care, education assistance, urban assistance, social security changes and housing subsidies. 
The government should not be a heavy hand. 
Of course, we see in Syria that 30,000 civilians were killed there by the military. 
A question for the vice president. 
But let us not assume that trade is the only challenge we have in the economy. 
Bill Clinton and I agree with so many military experts who believe that it is time for Europeans, who are richer today and more powerful than they were at the end of the Second World War, to start taking a little more of this tab themselves and not relying so exclusively on US taxpayers for the defence of Europe. 
Choice and competition. 
TRUMP: First of all, I agree, and many people, even within my own party, want to give some rights to people on watch lists and non-theft lists. 
I'm going to raise our income. 
I believe, however, that we can give the President the powers of the United States, in addition to what he currently has in the field of fact-finding, which would allow him to be more effective than we have been in dealing with these strikes. 
It has been debated throughout your public life and throughout my public life, and one thing I do not think it is wise to do, and it is to change your position. 
The first president to say that we will establish and support a Palestinian State next to the Israelis. 
WOODRUFF: John Margolis, a question for Senator Quayle. 
Don't put words in my mouth. 
It was interesting today. 
Look at all those candidates in the Senate we have here. 
They talk about a utility tax, a fuel tax and heating oil -- all kinds of taxes. 
In fact, it is time to know whether he is committed to democracy. 
Yet you were there to have your picture taken with them. 
And this border area has not been governed since Alexander the Great's time. 
Make sure we have an army of reading volunteers, trained people to teach with parents and teachers so that our eight-year-olds can learn to read. 
And let's be clear about what he's saying and what that means. 
Senator Harris, the coronavirus is not under control. 
We don't have good health care. 
Who does he owe money to? 
Only once, while we build factories and ship machine tools and equipment there. Then, year after year, for decades, they will have jobs. 
Does that mean anything relevant to how you would operate as President of the United States? 
Vice President Bush, you have a minute to refute. 
And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he asked you to do... TRUMP: Maybe he didn't do a good job and I was dissatisfied with his work... CLINTON: Well, for... TRUMP: What our country should do, too. 
You mentioned three of them that had already been cancelled. 
HOW: How, Senator Kennedy? 
He was very clear about that. 
He wasn't 40. 
It's amazing to hear him criticizing my record or John Kerry's. 
Let us not forget that our national security and economic security go hand in hand. 
But we must all decide first that we have the courage to change for hope and a better future. 
That's how we built the world's largest middle class. 
I would like to see a balanced budget amendment for America, to protect US taxpayers, and then it would discipline not only the executive but the Expenditure Congress, the Congress that is in control of a party, its party, for 38 years. 
You can watch the disc. 
Let's look at the reaction eh - reaction to Khrushchev and Eisenhower at the last session of the UN. Did Khrushchev win because he took off his shoe and hit the table and shouted and insulted? Not at all. 
By the way, my friends, I know you're getting a little tired of this. 
WOODRUFF: Tom Brokaw, one last question for Senator Bentsen. 
How would you elevate political speech and purpose? 
(Applause) SHAW: Ann Compton for the Vice-President. 
We market the American airlines -- American Airlines, Delta -- the last big ones we have, because we're trying to do that with these two European companies. 
It happens all over the United States. 
But it is important to have credibility and credibility is formed by being strong with your friends and determined in your determination. 
First, I suggested that there are certain weapons systems that we do not need and that we cannot afford. 
We will invest in information technology to eliminate bureaucracy and make the system more efficient. 
And this program is valid actuarially until the turn of this century. 
Two weeks ago, there was a meeting of the North Atlantic Council, which is NATO's political arm. 
And then call all those pickets out there trying to demolish seven different administrations. 
Many of them believe that they are confronted with hostility on the part of whites that prevents them from joining the economic flow of our society. 
Stop some of these crazy litigations and let people work in America. 
Is that what you said? 
In my opinion, deregulation has worked. 
But there are limits to what we can spend. 
We have an unemployment rate of 30 per cent or 40 per cent among minority youth. 
Now, don't deny it because 60 Minutes and Nightline and the nation's newspapers investigated this very carefully. 
What can you say to reassure me, but especially my parents, that I will be able to support myself enough after my graduation? 
This has a major impact on the underdeveloped world, which faces problems of low income, high population density and insufficient resources. 
Tonight, we come to you from Newlin Hall in the Norton Center for the Arts on the campus of Centre College. 
I ask for the support of the people as president. 
The only way to do this is to say, "Guys, we're going; we've trained you; we're going to do it, we're going to do it. » 
Number one, make sure that other countries are as open to our markets as our markets are to them, and, if they are not, have measures on books that do not take forever and one day to implement. 
We've been in this war for more than a decade. 
Let me tell you. 
I want anti-ballistic missile systems to protect us and our allies from a rogue nation that could try to hold us hostage or blackmail our allies and friends. 
And by the way, now it's built again and it climbs fast. 
But when we look at the circle of key people closest to you, your inner circle of advisers, we see only white men. 
It tends to distort several times. 
QUESTION: 2014. 
We have more people who receive food stamps than ever before. 
And a sound fiscal policy is the best answer, I think, to the three problems you mentioned. 
The president talks about government programs, and they have their place. 
Much progress has been made in recent years. 
That's Clinton's typical type of response. 
Once you automate your files, then you don't need to have a waiting period, but at least you can check. 
Of the public money spent on education, only 6% are federal funds. 
Vladimir Putin led his economy on the ground. 
CLINTON: Mr. Perot, with all due respect, I think that is very relevant, and I think that a $4 billion budget of state and federal funds is not as small, and I think that the fact that I took a state that was one of the poorest states in the country and that had been for 153 years and tried my best to modernize its economy and make the kind of changes that have generated the support of people like the presidents of Apple Computer and Hewlett Packard and some of the largest companies in this country, 24 retired generals and admirals and hundreds of business leaders, are very relevant. 
I think Assad has to leave. 
We don't need 4 more years of an economic theory that doesn't work. 
One per cent of America, the highest per cent of income earned in America, received $89 billion in tax reductions last year. 
We told him that we would not be involved in his border dispute, and we never revealed the papers that were handed over to Ambassador Glaspie on 25 July. 
Number two, we're gonna have to stop illegal immigration. 
In the Senate, we have adopted the right of Americans to import drugs from Canada. 
He surrounded himself with former KGB Apparatchiks. 
And I encourage the current administration to show this flexibility where it is appropriate and where it is done with care and responsibility. 
And by acknowledging this, I have brought together a group of our fellow citizens to study the issue. It was a committee chaired by the late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, a Democrat. And they found a variety of ideas for people to look at. 
Governor, a question of follow-up. 
And let me tell you exactly why I think that the choice he made to grant a tax cut for oil companies and others before I addressed this issue -- I mean, if you were the governor of a state that had died last in family health care, and all of a sudden you found yourself with the biggest surplus of your state ever had in its history, wouldn't you perhaps want to use a part of it to climb from the 50th to, say, 45 or 40 or something or maybe better? 
It is about — it goes through the difficulties as a businessman does and find a way through the intelligents and the ingenuity and resilience to fight forward and — when Donald Trump becomes president of the United States, we will have a stronger a. n you hear him say that he wants to make America big again, when we do this, I really believe that the American people will be standing taller. 
We have become very, very negligent. 
In the area of employment and education, I drafted the Vocational Training Partnership Act, a bipartite bill that trained and employed more than three million economically disadvantaged young people and adults in Canada. 
OBAMA: Well, listen, you know, I think we expect presidential campaigns to be difficult. 
You'd be surprised. 
Joe has always made sure he's fighting for working families, and I think he shares my core values and sense of where the country should go. 
They should be closed. 
Now it is the kind of common sense approach that can clean the environment while eliminating unnecessary red tape. 
He said, "Scope, when you're shot, get up." 
My father was a senator who strongly opposed the Vietnam War. 
We're going backwards. 
And the key is to do it peacefully, to make sure we have credibility. 
- Well, thank you, Bob. 
Look, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, 
The president wants to keep them open. 
Let's go back to economic issues. 
This, again, seems to me a blur of the line of separation between the church and the state. 
We want to fill this gap and raise more money in this way. 
Michael Dukakis' road comes back to this: a larger government, higher taxes. 
TRUMP: Hillary Clinton, with regard to the arrival of people in our country, we have many illegal criminals. 
And we will do what is best for the American people by taking advantage of this position and launching a program that supports and cooperates with the President's agenda in this position. 
They're talking about imposing a coal tax. 
It was once called the voodoo economy. 
They're just writing a note for the interest. 
Senator Edwards, you're starting. 
His name is Randy Ellis. 
Sir, wait. 
In fact, it would be deflationary; it would cause great unemployment; it would cause a real slowdown in our economy. 
They should have done this for years. 
And if we don't go around diplomacy, what makes you think the allies are going to sit with us? 
The problem is that there are so many loopholes that have been included in the tax code, often with Senator McCain's support, that our businesses actually pay one of the lowest tax rates in the world. 
She said some of them were irremediable. 
He concludes his response now, after which President Ford and Governor Carter will make their final statements. 
If you take care of an elderly parent, you get a $1,000 deduction. 
Once you've become vice president 
I will do so in four years' time, and I will immediately begin bilateral talks with North Korea. 
We believe in opportunity and upward mobility. 
I remember when Alf Landon was against social security and, later, President Nixon, 16 years ago, told the public that John Kennedy's proposals would go bankrupt and double the cost. 
WALLACE: ...who is Obamacare. 
They asked him, please fix the tension -- democratic senators -- please fix the tension... SCHIEFFER: All right. 
We are doing this precisely, and I think one thing we will have to look at sooner or later is taking a look at the social security system. 
People are pouring into our country, and they come from the Middle East and other places. 
Our time is up for this round. 
It's a ghost town. 
CLINTON: In the last debate, we heard Donald talk about what he did to women. 
We should put the owners first. 
99.9 young people are recovering. 
The future is too bright not to give it our best chance. 
We have put an end to the Korean war; by a strong and firm leadership that we have kept out of other wars; and we have avoided the surrender of principle or territory at the conference table. 
Because by coming here and investing in this country, we see jobs. 
We won the cold war because America had the political will and made the right decisions. 
I have a plan -- not a secret plan. 
But it is not the grievor's role to entrust the mandate to all others. 
I'm not looking at my pension. 
I think you should have at least one answer to that. 
We in this country can successfully compete with anyone in the world, and we will do so. 
The most dangerous aspect of this proposal is, for the first time, that we delegate to computers the decision to start a war. 
It would have imposed more travel and premiums on seniors because doctors could have charged them more. 
In view of the fact that the Soviet Ambassador was recently expelled from the Congo, and that Mr. 
We have a long tradition of hunting and sports people and people who want to make sure they can protect themselves. 
And now we're weeks away from a vaccine. 
RYAN: No, I would -- I -- we wouldn't go through the UN in all these things. 
He mentioned the 17 percent increase in health insurance, in a way that it was something that we caused. 
That is one of the main reasons why I vetoed him. 
First of all, he made the wrong judgment to tell America that he was going to build a real alliance, that he would exhaust the remedies of the United Nations and go through the inspections. 
MR. ROMNEY: Boy, big question and important question, because you're absolutely right. 
Medicaid is in one agency; Medicaid is in another. 
It refers to a tax increase. 
And in 1985, he returned from the west coast to cut the COLA. 
Sean Hannity called me the other day and I told him about it. He said you were totally against war, because he was for war. 
Uh - to the extent that you can, gentlemen, please keep your brief remarks. Mr. Gannon. Governor Carter, an important part of the government's economic policy that we did not talk about, is the Reserve Federal Council. 
KAINE: And with Donald Trump — Donald Trump's sons say they have all these business relationships with Russia. 
Inflation. 
We have increased from $10 trillion in national debt to $16 trillion in national debt. 
That's what we got here. 
I think we should lift them up and move our children forward. 
I kept faith with my country. 
And the residence, Mr. 
I was proud of him. 
Is he going to make China do it? 
It looked good. 
We're ahead of Japan. 
As I said, asking the question, the president says it is a V-shaped recovery, you say it is a K-shaped recovery. 
That's because America didn't invest in its people. 
These grey zone weapons systems pose some problems in an agreement for a SALT II negotiation. 
Everyone. 
We cannot continue to tell the American people that we are going to build all these systems, and at the same time invest in important things here at home, and be serious about building a strong and good America. 
I recognize that we cannot do this now, and I do not advocate an immediate withdrawal. 
And that's the reality. 
He's talking about a smaller government. 
And last week, when we were trying to get the export administration law through Congress - the necessary legislation - my administration went to Capitol Hill and tried to convince the House and the Senate that we should have an amendment on this law that would take strong and effective measures against those who - participate or cooperate with the Arab boycott. 
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that we have been in a war that has collapsed over the past eight years, which, of course, has changed military spending as a result of the transition from war to peace. 
If you don't trust this, it's true. 
He suggested that what we need is to go in the direction of more government controls, a suggestion that would also involve higher prices, that consumers pay for products and that they impose on farmers, even larger area controls than they do today. 
I want the future, and I think we need to catch it. 
No, it'll totally help you. 
Give me a chance to create these kinds of jobs in America. 
But I think the president, once again, still hasn't shown how he's going to do it. 
And I met wives who supported their husbands or vice versa when they eventually escaped and allowed themselves to live who they were, that they thought God had made them. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President Bush, the question is yours. 
He was a man who had the military stature to be able to persuade the Israelis with confidence to take risks for peace. 
Do you want it to be in both directions on this issue? 
I also have a philosophical difference. 
Not only that, but they won $7. 
We will never let that happen. 
One of the most important things is to pursue research and development. 
You can't have free market work if you don't have regulation. 
Mr. Perot, if you were home now and you were listening to this Arkansas exchange, who would you believe? 
You will vote. 
And it's a long list of specific articles. 
I will never normalize relations with Vietnam, nor will I allow them to join the United Nations until they take this step. 
There is a crime bill that, lamentably, has once again been blocked, mainly by the Republicans in the United States Senate, which would have addressed some of these issues. 
This prevents money from being taken from the community and invested in some round-trip investments on the other side of the world. 
Okay, you got your little wave for families. 
I understand the stakes here. 
And I think that is very commendable the work she has done in the name of special needs. 
Mr. DRUMMOND: Mr. Nixon, I would like to ask another aspect or to raise another aspect of the same question. 
Now he has to say it again. 
We talked about it. 
And I have a plan that will remove catastrophic cases from the system, from your back, pay for it from a federal fund, which reduces premiums for everyone in America, makes American business more competitive and makes health care more affordable. 
You don't want to cut defence spending. 
A debt crisis is coming. 
I will publish my tax returns against my lawyer's wishes when she publishes her 33,000 emails that have been deleted. 
But the president has this question. 
It has been that large numbers, sometimes hundreds of thousands of ballots are rejected because they have not been properly filled, or there is another irregularity. 
It's not good to increase the deficit. 
It is about accumulating the ability to have wealth, as well as being free from violence. 
Senator Hagel of Nebraska said that the manipulation of Iraq is beyond pitiful, beyond embarrassment; it is in the dangerous zone. 
Good evening, gentlemen. 
And I was really moved, as well as impressed, by the speech he gave in Congress. 
PENCE: – I mean, just after a time when we are going through a pandemic that has lost 22 million jobs, we've already added 11.6 million jobs because we had a president who cut taxes, pushed back regulation, released American energy, fought for free and fair trade, and got 4 trillion dollars from the U.S. Congress to give direct payments to families, saved 50 million jobs through the paycheck protection program. 
Because you weren't president and you screwed it up. 
You're the big man, I think. 
And the idea that we sit down with Ahmadinejad without saying anything while he launches his absurdities and his vile comments is ridiculous. 
And what happened after that? 
There are people all over the federal government, if they could just touch it with a screwdriver, could fix it. 
I'm very proud of that. 
We're going to get this pipeline in from Canada. 
And thanks to Hofstra. 
We must treat him as an international crime. 
The first question for two minutes is for President Bush, and John is going to ask it. 
But I do not believe in this nation, a nation of the First Amendment, where we raise no religion on the other, and we allow people to worship as they want, that the doctrines of one religion must be mandated for e.r. me, the hardest struggle in my life of faith was the Catholic Church is against the death penalty and so am I. 
I would like to have a crusade today, and I would like to lead this crusade with your help. 
You just know you're reading a good court decision. 
It's one of the most successful programs. 
Ours is a great state, a rapidly growing state. 
I have been in countries where governments have either forced women to have abortions, as they used to do in China, or forced women to carry children, as they did in Romania. 
We have not put in place a regulatory framework for the twenty-first century to address these issues. 
And he's gone. 
It doesn't work like that. 
OBAMA: Well, I think it's true that we should not apply a strict litmus test and the most important thing in any judge is their ability to provide justice and fairness to the American people. 
We believe a lot in the public school system. 
And all these things have helped reduce our oil imports to the lowest levels in 16 years. 
And if you imagine that only one company is trying to deal with this, imagine now a million companies across the country. 
And I just want to say — I also want to say — thank you to everyone watching tonight, who understands how important this is in the life of our n.r. during the last seven and a half years, we have seen America's place in the weakened world. 
Let me say -- I certainly hope so. 
New question, Mr President. 
Look, all you have to do is take Union Street down with me to Wilmington or go to Katie's restaurant or walk to Home Depot with me where I spend a lot of time and you ask anyone in there whether the economic and foreign policy of this administration has made them better in the last eight years. 
And my Christian faith is at the very heart of who I am. 
I also think that this unborn child has the right to be sought. 
We have obtained the Americans for Disabilities Act, which, I think, is one of the main pieces of legislation on civil rights. 
Governor Carter, you promised a radical overhaul of the federal government, including a reduction in the number of government agencies - you say it would decrease by about two hundred by about nineteen cents. 
So I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience, what I've done for this country, trying to help in every possible way, especially children and families, and stay ahead of you, with your 30 years, and I'll let the American people make that decision. 
We want to focus on millions of additional jobs, and we are very optimistic that this will happen. 
Mr. Bush made that accusation. 
Listen to what you heard. 
This will be my first priority, not my concern for the election year. 
And I hear my farmers and friends all the time. 
Because you have a big tax increase. 
That's what I said. 
America and the world are safer for her. 
There's no one who runs this whole activity. 
Your proposal is to raise $150 billion in taxes. 
The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 per cent, and the President wants the highest effective tax rate on successful small businesses to exceed 40 per cent. 
And, on the other hand, their costs of bad practice are increasing. 
So if the farmers' economy continues to decline as strongly as it has in recent years, I think you would have a recession in the rest of the country. 
But that is not the reason for this health insurance crisis. 
Now, Senator Obama speaks of the very, very rich. 
I want to move on. 
Hello. 
All right. 
If I had to defend the liberal policies of the government. Michael Dukakis, I wouldn't talk about it either. 
My opponent said America had to take a global test before we used force to protect ourselves. 
Justice will be done. 
We must say that we must all be responsible for what we do. 
KAINE: Yes, we can, and when we don't let them know, we don't let them in. 
It's an idea that has been around a long time, which is to say, hey, let's see if we can't get the competition in the world of health insurance so that people can get the choice of different plans at lower cost, better quality. 
We had to go to the UN. 
I have to say I'm thinking about it, because I have friends who are in gay and lesbian partnerships who told me, isn't it fair? 
You're offering $2 trillion in green jobs. 
It was the Reagan-Bush administration that brought this man to justice. 
The first -- the first -- the first -- and we kept our number one schools in the nation. 
Here we go again. 
In my own state, for example, we now have this universal health care system, which the Vice-President opposes, I think very misguided. 
Georgia, in particular, is now on the brink of enormous economic challenges. 
We lost 357,000 jobs in manufacturing. 
OBAMA: Well, Russia's resurgence is one of the central issues that we will have to address in the next Presidency. 
He didn't get tens of millions of dollars. 
The individual mandate. 
A federal warrant to wear masks? 
Some things, you know, were perhaps not so big about the Irish when they came, but we did well by absorbing immigrants, and that made our nation r. n Donald Trump says Mexicans are rapists and criminals, Mexican immigrants, when Donald Trump says about your judge, a judge Hoosier, he said that Judge Curiel was not qualified to hear a case because his parents were Mexican, I can't imagine how you could defend that. 
We do not think it is a fusion of church and gaze to have a voluntary non-mandatory, non-governmental prayer. 
The tax burden on them has not decreased. 
But - but the good one - the right approach is one based on the brilliance of our people and our states, not the federal government. 
BIDEN: You know, the Republican leader in the U.S. Senate said he couldn't pass it — he won't be able to. 
I understand how difficult it is to hire troops. 
We have been there for a long time, and we must ensure that we and our coalition partners shoot responsibly and give Afghans the capabilities they need. 
I believe that if we are inspired, if we can achieve a certain degree of unity, if we can set our goals sufficiently high and work on recognized goals with industry, work and agriculture with government at all levels, then we can achieve great things. 
Of course, the evidence is convincing. 
All these things have suggested, I think, to the Iranian mullahs that, hey, you know, we can keep pushing here, we can keep talking, we're just going to keep spinning centrifuges. 
I do not understand how we eventually invaded a country that had nothing to do with 11 September, when Osama Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda set up base camps and shelters to train terrorists to attack us. 
I think Barak tried the same thing. 
They named him because of his votes. 
And get them down there and entertain them playing golf, playing tennis, and bringing Republican senators there, for trading for these contributions to their campaign. 
And whoever thinks I say it, it will be the first bill I'm sending to Congress. 
You're up 64 percent. 
This also means that the President will answer the first question first. 
The UN wants us to expand the Syrian refugee program... WHO: Senator Kaine, let me ask you this question. 
This means that seven days after the election, in theory, should have been announced. 
For Senator Dole. 
Good evening, Mr. Vice President, Governor. 
PAGE: Thank you, Vice-President Pence 
I say it all the time. 
Barack Obama voted against funding the troops there after promising that he would not. 
It's a national problem. 
Mr President, once again I am opposed to the amendment, because I believe that the amendment will remove this problem from the hands of the elected legislators and put it in the hands of the unelected judges. 
Although they have grown faster than we have, we see, for example, today, that their total gross national product accounts for only 44 per cent of our total gross national product. 
Well, I support our democracy. 
We have a delicate and tight walk that we must go through right now to make sure that we do not accommodate the tyrants, to make sure that they do not feel that they can suppress their people. 
And they looked me in the eye and said, "Yes, sir, sir. President." 
QUESTION: What measures will your energy policy take to meet our energy needs, while remaining environmentally friendly and minimizing job losses for fossil energy plant workers? 
And I do not blame her, except for the Liberal vote in the House. 
Leaders run to the problem to solve the problems. 
We do not have to continue to share the scarcity with the country that is worsening, with unemployment increasing. 
What kind of programs are we for? 
In my opinion, it is underlying Bob Dole to go get someone personally. 
BUSH: First of all, I'd like to clarify something because every four years, the Democrats go around and say that the Republicans are going to cut off social security and health insurance. 
CARTER: Governor Reagan's proposal, the Reagan-Kemp-Roth proposal, is one of the most inflationary ideas ever presented to the American public. 
And none of them even need medical training. 
And should a president be guided by organized religion on issues such as abortion, equal rights and defence expenses? 
I'll work with allies. 
But there's a better way to do it. 
In other words, I believe that physicians should not be able to be expelled from managed care plans simply because they tell patients what they need and what more costly care options could be. 
We need to get rid of the lines around the state, the artificial lines, where we prevent insurance companies from entering and competing, because they want — and President Obama and all those who worked there — to leave those lines, because it essentially gives insurance companies monopolies. 
Second, he was on stage... PENCE: He didn't break his promise. 
This is simply not true. 
Hillary Clinton was the first lady, then senator for eight years and secretary of state. 
What explains why this administration is up to the Argentine dictators after they are taken over? 
It is certainly for those of us, like my wife and I, who have three adopted grandchildren. 
I also support the modernization of our strategic and tactical weapons. 
I voted against the National Association of Governors. 
Governor, I'd like to come back to the subject of the defence budget for a minute. 
I want everyone who pays taxes to lower their tax rates. 
For me, positive action makes this extra effort. 
It's Chris. 
We can use other things that will help the farmer. 
We are the great nation that has allies, 42 allies and friends all over the world. 
In all fairness to Secretary Rice, she tries to turn the page in the seventh or eighth year. 
Also keep in mind that Milosevic has been charged as a war criminal and should be held accountable for his actions. 
Good evening. 
You see, I think some crimes are so heinous, so brutal, so scandalous, and I would say especially those that cause the death of a police officer, for these really brutal crimes, I believe in the death penalty, and I think it is a deterrent, and I think we need it. 
But even as Vice-President, you never know exactly what your role will be from time to time, and let me give you an example of where I was tested under fire and in a crisis. 
- Yeah, that's right. 
I mean, there's no fair argument. 
Mrs Clinton, Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes. 
Can we send Mary back to school next semester? 
Let me come back to your question. 
What eventually happens is that some people end up not getting help. 
Mr. Perot, just a minute. 
You just admitted that you had stopped. 
And I just told you earlier, town hall meeting after town hall meeting, parents come with children, children... precious children who have autism. 
Look at my file. 
TRUMP: We didn't have any negative effects, and we had 35, 40,000 people at these rallies. 
PAGE: Senator Harris. 
Wouldn't it be nice to be the ice cream man that you never make a mistake? 
RADDATZ: Vice-President Biden, let me ask you, if this could help solve the problem, why not raise the age of eligibility for two-year health insurance very slowly, as MP Ryan suggests? 
People are coming from Syria. 
And they buried him until after the election. 
I am. 
Thank you. 
But this is not only a personal success for Geraldine Ferraro - and certainly not just the connection I feel across this country with women across the country. 
And it's actually an accounting treatment, as you know, that's been in place for a hundred years. 
The governor used the false number phrase, but if you look at the plan and add the numbers, these numbers are correct. 
The question, I think, that we have to ask ourselves is, how have we been in this situation in the first place? 
Brady Bill, I agree that this is a timid step in the right direction, but it won't fix it. 
I think we should try to increase energy efficiency. 
Bill Clinton and I will create well-paying jobs for our people, as he did in his condition. 
The debate will be based on a series of questions posed by the group's four journalists. 
The federal government will manage it. 
You've set up a Strategic Defence Initiative, an agency, you're starting to test, you're talking about deployment, you're asking for a budget of about $30 billion for that purpose. 
You just opened the next segment. 
New question, new topic. 
And with our economy in such a terrible and worsening disarray within the month. 
Despite the economic problems, we are the most respected economy in the world. 
Because they use our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries do the same. 
I have just been approved by ICE. 
I don't think we agree on that. 
I think we're ready to move. 
TRUMP: Because basically what he's saying is that he's going to destroy the oil industry. 
The fact is that we have restored democracy in Haiti. 
That is why I want to lower these debts and interest rates, restore U.S. exports, help rural America, which suffers so much, and bring back jobs here for our children. 
He referred to Abraham Lincoln. 
Mr. HARRIS: I am not going to sit here and be given the floor by the Vice-President on what it means to enforce the laws of our country. 
It must remain the policy of the United States of America the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, plain and e.d. when Donald Trump is president of the United States, we — we will not have the — the kind of posture in the world that has Russia invading Crimea and Ukraine, which has China building new islands in the South China Sea, which literally has the world, including North Korea, flouting American power. 
The questions will be asked by a panel of distinguished journalists who are here with me. 
Ortega, the commander at the head of the Nicaraguan Sandinists, is a confessed Marxist. 
And besides, Al Gore and I were two of the ten democrats in the Senate who crossed the lines of the party to support President Bush and Secretary Cheney in this war. 
It's not just because of my Catholic faith. 
That's what the president says, too. 
The president takes credit for all these people from social assistance. 
And that's why it's important that you have people who really believe and try to represent the workers and women of America. 
In the Middle East, we have worked successfully for a peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, and we are linked with Israel and Egypt in a common defence capability. 
This is now a very controversial issue among our own people, and there seems to be a clear difference between you and the President with regard to the use of nuclear power plants, which you say you would use as your last priority. 
That's the big difference between you and Abraham Lincoln. 
This is the question before the American people, and only you can decide what you want, what you want this country to be, what you want to do with the future. 
Why don't you interrupt it? 
Vice President Biden. 
Mr. WALLACE: Mr. Trump, I would like to ask you one last question on this subject. 
President Bush took -- he is the only president of history to do so. 
We have spent more money on agriculture in the last eight years than the previous hundred years of the Department of Agriculture. 
I would never do anything that would increase taxes for those who work to live, or who are currently required to list all their income. 
He was awarded the Outstanding Service Medal. 
CHENEY: Letâ€TMs talk about this issue of surplus because it drives a lot of what we're talking about here, Joe. 
It reminds me of the movie's phrase, "Show me the money." Which of these promises will you keep and what will you break, Governor? 
Not only will we use national defence and the Department of Defence, but we must be on the side of the demand of the general ledger; we must go to education. 
And that ended when, in fact, we passed the Affordable Care Act, and there were a hundred million people who have pre-existing conditions and they will be taken away as well. 
And all VOCID people will have pre-existing conditions. 
I have an answer to that. 
I think that in the aftermath of the cold war, it is time for us to do something very similar, take a step forward, provide environmental leadership, and ensure that the global economy continues to progress in the right direction. 
He's gonna go. 
Mr. Trump, excuse me. 
And I finally left the party, because I could no longer follow the turn of the democratic leadership that led us on a completely different path, a way of centralizing authority within the federal government, without confidence in the American people. 
A reconstruction of the army, including the Space Force and all other things. 
I mean, I think we should be allowed to maybe... RADDATZ: No, we can — no, Mr Trump, we will continue. 
He's driven by, what are we going to need to keep the American people safe? 
I'm worried about morale in today's army. 
If we had the best year in our country's history for 100 years, we wouldn't even be close to that number. 
If you narrow the social security gap, that money would not go into the general fund to reduce a deficit. 
Now, let's continue with the work of putting the police on the street and tackling youth gangs. 
People have heard it over and over again in four years. 
Once both candidates have answered, a stakeholder will ask follow-up questions to try to refine the answers. 
Tonight, the debate is a city hall format, which gives voters the opportunity to ask questions directly to candidates. 
But someone should ask the question. 
And I'd say, I don't know if it's nice or not, it's just an objective statement. 
The cause is made by man. 
I want us to heal our country and bring it together because it is, I think, the best way for us to achieve the future that our children and grandchildren deserve. 
The State could then determine whether the money would be spent on the construction of schools or on teachers' salaries. 
Please, I looked at these people. 
Second, we want to provide modest tax relief to the middle class to restore equity, especially to middle class people with incomes below $60,000. 
What can you do in 2 weeks to win the re-election? 
We would not speak of Bashar Assad as a reformer when he kills his own civilians with his weapons supplied by the Russians. 
It's different to say, "Okay, let me make you go to the government." 
PAGE: These are points you made earlier in the hour and I want to talk about the election itself before we have to- 
We have 51 percent of this private industry council that are businessmen and women; we have union members; we have community organizations; we have education leaders. 
To say that we are limited, and at a dangerous time in this country in terms of energy, I think, is to ignore the fact. 
It's a historical time. 
You bet there are things the government can do. 
And I think, Governor Romney, you're going first? 
We talked to them about human rights. 
I bet they voted for me. 
MR. ROMNEY: I'm sorry, you -- there was -- there was an effort on the part of the President to get an agreement on the status of forces, and I accepted that, and I said we should have a number of troops that remained. 
More recently, in Aurora. 
I think George W. Bush did it in Texas and can do it at the national level. 
They're not being taken care of. 
But he told me, be yourself, that's why I chose you, don't change a single position you have. 
And I just, it's very important, Susan-- 
It is the private sector that creates jobs. 
You can no longer ship them abroad. 
WALLACE: ... and on companies. 
We need to get our economy back on track. 
Do you need family leave under this law? 
They have less money. 
AOC+3. 
What promises -- given the events of the week, the rescue plan, all that, what promises have you made and your campaigns to the American people that you will not be able to keep? 
And let me say a few preliminary things and then talk about what we are now. 
If we continue Mr Ford's policy by 1985 or 1990, we will have twenty nations that have the capacity to explode atomic weapons. 
I asked, "Are you better than you were four years ago?" 
It's not a reform, Mr. President. 
Let her free the e-mails. 
Do you think that health care should be treated as a commodity? 
CLINTON: ...a very clear fact that... TRUMP: Wrong. 
We can do better than that. 
Then this will be followed by a five-minute discussion period during which they will be able to ask each other questions if they so wish. 
But if we sit around blowing all that energy out the window on racial struggles and hatred, we're stuck with a safe loser, because we've been a crucible. 
Another point I want to raise is this one. 
I come from very modest means. 
I'm going to do complete research, move on as fast as we can. 
And then, as we build our national security, to restore our security margin, we are at the same time trying to limit Soviet accumulation, which is moving forward at a rapid pace, and for some time now. 
You walk down the street, you get shot. 
Other countries have policies that determine how they will react. 
And once you're alone with this $5,000 credit, Senator McCain, for the first time, will impose the health care benefits you have from your employer. 
Yes, that's right, I didn't. 
They boasted at the time of Khrushchev that because of their greatest patience and our greed for - for the things they were going sooner or later to get the best of us. 
You have two minutes. 
She said -- she said that I wanted at that time, that I was going through this difficult time, that I had advice to talk about post-abortion trauma, and to talk about adoption rather than abortion. Because if I had had this talk, I would have had the child. 
And this has been a culture in Washington that has been taking place for too long. 
For the first time, there has been a decline in the poverty rate for them. 
Now, the G-8 is one of those, but there are many others. 
But I haven't heard anything in the last three minutes that would indicate how one of you does this. 
We have taken twice as many cases against unfair business practices as the previous administration, and we have won all the decisions that have been made. 
Now we cannot return to a cold war position with regard to Russia. 
Most of the people around you on a daily basis are those you know in Georgia. 
Being haunted, a thousand points of light, I don't know what that means. 
The average American family pays about 40 per cent of federal, state and local taxes. 
He tried to move from look to endurance. 
The President felt that it was more important to grant a tax reduction to the richest people in America than to invest in domestic security. 
Mr. Speaker, could you describe the plans you have to expand the Family Leave Act? 
And I saw it, and I saw the situation, and I got up, and I voted against it, because I was afraid they wouldn't be able to make peace in a place where 300, 400 or several hundred Marines would make a difference. 
People will pour into our country. 
And I think that's something the American people see. 
Alan (ph) ? 
Look where we are. 
We've had enough, ladies and gentlemen. 
In March last year, President Obama explained the military action in Libya by saying that it was in the national interest to go there and prevent further massacres. 
TRUMP: Well, could I just finish_I think I... [crosstalk] HOLT: I'll give you a chance here... TRUMP: I think I should go to his website, and you're looking at his website. 
We can only be strong abroad if we are strong at home; and when I became president, we will not only be strong in these areas, but also in defence - an unparalleled defence capability. 
And if we had asked Pakistan's permission, we wouldn't have had it. 
I recommended that our physicians receive a set of national practice guidelines and, if they follow these guidelines, they assume that they have done nothing wrong. 
And he wanted to buy the business, but he looked at your tax plan and saw that he was going to pay much higher taxes. 
Before you even announced it. 
I met them, I know them, I spent time in South America speaking the language, as did Senator Bentsen. 
Our laws against murder are state laws. 
Again, let me warn the public: please, keep your reactions as calm as possible. 
But I would have used that force wisely, I would have used that authority wisely, and I would not have rushed to war without a plan to win peace. 
Maybe have a chance to be president. 
But I want -- I want to move you and also -- OBAMA: Okay. 
I have therefore thought at length of the honour of being the President of the United States. 
Mr. Vanocur's next interrogation. 
You know, settlements cost the average family here, Democratic or Republican, about $7,000 a year. 
It seems to me to be critical that he is still wrong on his part. 
You're going to qualify him now. 
But it's a good program. 
You have on the subject... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: ... why keep -- why would they keep chasing you? 
You mentioned a statement -- you said some time ago that you didn't think nicotine was addictive. 
It's expected to cost us 710,000 jobs. 
We need flexibility in No Child Left Behind. 
There's nothing going on there. 
If the United States had more prestige and influence in Latin America, they could persuade - as Franklin Roosevelt did in 1940 - Latin American countries to join Castro's forty-year-old economy. 
In the meantime, we're all gonna be in big trouble. 
Destroyed states like California and others. 
I'm worried about what it does for our future. 
Now, see, we practice 19th century capitalism. 
I will be president of the Democrats and Republicans. 
The question we have to decide as Americans - are we doing enough today? 
Have you given reasons for such assurance, and do you think that it would be desirable or even possible for a summit conference to take place next year if Mr Khrushchev persists under the conditions he has set? 
Well, that's because he'd rather have a puppet as president of the United States. 
All those who pay taxes should benefit from tax relief. 
And I'm very proud of it. 
These are our troops. 
I do not think that would stimulate any kind of growth. 
What I mean is that my plan not only trusts seniors with options, my plan reserves $3.4 trillion for health insurance over the next ten years. 
But it doesn't force anyone to have insurance that doesn't want it. 
Four years ago, I presented myself to the Presidency at a time of high unemployment and growing frustration. 
You own your own account. 
Mr. Trump... TRUMP: No one has more respect for women than I do. 
WELKER: President Trump, we're talking about race right now and I want to stay on the issue of race. 
But again, it is almost like an ad hoc foreign policy. 
Jim Baker is a man. 
Mr. Kraft, Governor Carter. 
But you never called the people... 
And one last point I want to highlight. 
PENCE: First, Donald Trump just talked about this issue this week. 
Those of you at home, of course, are not so limited. 
But you're talking about being prosecuted personally – I'm glad you talked about your case, senator. 
But I just wanted to ask you, do you support carbon capping? 
The first time I gave him that name? 
I would strengthen the Development Loan Fund. 
TRUMP: You mean, the laptop is now another hoax Russia, Russia? 
You're the one who talked about... 
If you consider a moment Gov. 
What will be done to ensure equality of education in all parts of the United States? 
They look at America's commitments around the world and they see what's going on, and they say, well, okay. Will America be strong? 
What about social security? 
Ten men and women have been appointed to the vice-president of their party since 1976. 
Just a minute from the vice president. 
RYAN: It's not... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: We're talking about... RADDATZ: So no massive increase in defense? 
I will.You have put tens of thousands of young men, mostly black, in prison. 
Although they didn't talk at all, the fuel rods came out, the inspectors were evicted, the television cameras were evicted. 
I was so proud of law enforcement in New York, Minnesota, New Jersey. 
So I don't want to have fun with that. 
Look at India. 
And what I'm afraid of is that we've been watching over the past year, first of all the President saying, and then we'll let the UN deal with it. 
And the Senate, of course, was very evenly divided, 50-50, then 51-49, then 49-51 on the other side. 
Instead of quarrelling and pointing his fingers, he receives immediate help. 
Positive action means that you are taking additional steps to recognize the history of discrimination, injustice and prejudice and bring all people into the American dream because it helps everyone, not just those who benefit directly. 
But it's the right decision not to join a foreign court that could -- where our people could be prosecuted. 
But we must have a government that is receptive to the Afghan people, and, frankly, it is simply not receptive at the moment. 
I'm not sure where it comes from, except for this, which is, I'd like to take the Medicaid dollars that go to the states and tell a state, you're going to get what you got last year, plus inflation, plus 1 percent, and then you're going to manage your care for your poor as you think best. 
We smell millions of dollars. 
I understand in his last speech to the Steelworkers' Union that he changed his position and indicated that he felt that the seizure of the government could be the best way to stop a strike that could not be resolved by collective bargaining. 
I don't understand that. 
And the substantial loss of Arab oil could plunge the United States into depression. 
He took his eye off the ball from Osama bin Laden. 
Senator Kerry, 30 seconds. 
All right, I'll wait. 
All I'm saying is that. 
And the United States of America must invest in the modernization of our nuclear force for both deterrences... KAINE: But can you defend Donald Trump... 
Where's Barry? 
I also support the use of revenue-sharing money for local governments, as well as the elimination of prohibitions on the use of revenue-sharing money so that it can be used to improve education and health care. 
We want to maintain the tax reductions that are in place for people who earn less than $200,000 per year, and provide these middle-class families with additional tax reductions, health care tax reductions, tax reductions to help families pay their tuition fees at university, and tax reductions for child care. 
GORE: I believe in this goal and this effort with all my heart. 
BRUNO: Senator Gore, would you like to begin the discussion on this subject? 
MEMBER_OF_HEARING: This kind of thing bothers me when I see an ad like that. 
Gentlemen, we want to start immediately, if we can. 
They're much better protected today than they were when I was governor of Texas. 
All are organized by the Education Fund of the League of Women Electors. 
And let me ask a rhetorical question: if John really wanted to eliminate them, why does he add another $4 billion in tax cuts to his budget for ExxonMobils from around the world, which, in fact, has already made $600 billion since 2001? 
And I've improved and I'm going to tell you that I had something they gave me — a therapeutic, I guess they'd call it. 
We were celebrating our bicentenary, and I find that there is a movement while I travel in the country of greater interest in this campaign. 
The acceleration of drugs through the FDA makes sense, of course. 
Mr. HUBB: Mr. President, how would you describe yourself as an environmentalist? 
We must therefore give priority to our spending and our tax policies to ensure that they work for you. 
I can do better to wage a smarter and more effective war against terrorism and to ensure that we pursue terrorists. 
We need an administration that will transform this trade policy and open up these markets, resist with our trading partners to help maintain jobs at home and send products abroad. 
Why are these factories closed? 
You know, Joe, I ran because of you. 
I want to invest in hard-working families. 
And many of the things you said here and earlier, I think I raised reasonable questions. 
I am concerned that 10 percent of our manufacturing and 20 percent of our bank and almost half of the real estate in the city of Los Angeles are in the hands of foreign investors. 
BIDEN: The line to be drawn is whether we have, first of all, the ability to do anything about it number one. 
I'd like to talk about China. 
You shouldn't worry if you get a new job to know if it's okay -- and part of our plan is to do what they call portable -- big word, but that means if you work for Jones Company and you go to the Smith Company, your insurance goes with you. 
And the result over time has been the Taliban, Al-Qaida, and many of the difficulties we face today. 
This was facilitated in part because we ended the war in Iraq. 
I'm not going to talk about a difference of character. 
I led the Olympic Games and balanced the budget. 
I name people of independence, integrity and intelligence, people who will be a credit to the bench. 
The second question will first be addressed to President Reagan. 
What I would do would be to bring the country's pension experts, to take a look at them and to further strengthen the pension requirements, because it is not enough to have the guarantee. 
That's why I'm saying that. 
You heard what Mr. Perot said. 
I said from June that he was not fit to be president and commander-in-chief. 
OBAMA: When you add up all the gaps and deductions that high-income people can -- by taking advantage of them all, you can't pay $5 trillion in tax reductions and $2 trillion in additional military expenditures. 
It's very sensitive to interest. 
I think we are very interested in the Pacific basin. 
If you pay $12, $13, $14 an hour for a factory worker, and you can move your factory south of the border, pay $1 an hour for the labour, hire a young person -- suppose you've been in business for a long time. 
There is no doubt that people recognize that we have not produced more (inaudible) on federal lands and in federal waters. 
I almost left. 
The end of the cold war offers an incredible opportunity to change. 
First of all, do you agree that the United States is absent? 
I'm saying that because I think this year we're going to send $90 billion from this country to pay for imported oil, even if that's the case. 
And thirdly, we need to deal with education so that our young people are competitive in a global economy. 
And we will not be able to cope with the climate crisis if our only solution is to use more fossil fuels that create global warming. 
There are seven million people who have contracted VOCID. 
A photo ID. Like a driver's license for new handguns and, you know, the Los Angeles -- MODERATOR: Excuse me, you should get the license -- an identity photo. 
In the budget I submitted to Congress in January of this year, I recommended a 50 per cent reduction in the growth rate of federal spending. 
It's important. 
[Applause] And the other thing I think is important... TRUMP: It would be wasted, too, believe me. 
But he promised seniors that their social security benefits would not be reduced, and he promised them the same trillion dollars. 
How do you get them to bring jobs back? 
Your own Secretary of State said so. 
If so, how bad is it and how costly will it be to clean it up? 
People are so tired of politics. 
And I understand, it's — it's the old terror tactic they're putting in place... KAINE: But — but you have a record vote, Governor. 
They don't change their mind. 
It's not free trade. 
TRUMP: President Obama — Anderson, excuse me. 
I support a strong national declaration of patient rights. 
I will be prepared to take care of the people of the Bush administration, if this unfortunate event occurs. 
How did they get down there? 
But we still have a long way to go before we can declare America safe, and that means doing better work along our borders, too. 
Unless there was a serious recession - and after all the worst unbalanced budget in history was in 1958, $12 billion - greater than any administration in the history of the United States. 
It is a culture that, somewhere in the line, we have begun to disrespect life. 
I think I'm right. 
They did a bad job with both the economy and the environment. 
I have as much experience in Congress as Jack Kennedy when he asked for the presidency. 
This is one of Dodd-Frank's unintended consequences. 
The whole world has had economic problems. 
Moreover, the new energy policy is based on two factors: one is conservation, which requires sacrifices, and the other is the increase in American energy production, which is going very well - more coal this year than ever in American history, more oil and gas wells drilled this year than ever before in history. 
We are the party of reform, and we are going to improve things, and one of the things we are going to do is stop exporting jobs. 
So we have something more than a technical problem. 
Iraq was a disaster. 
MR.MCGEE: Mr. Morgan, with a question for Senator Kennedy. 
It would make a hole in the deficit, cause much deeper cuts in health insurance, Medicaid, education and the environment, and drop our economy out of the way, increasing interest rates, mortgage rates and car payments. 
5 million people. 
No one saw the final list of questions, but I certainly didn't see the candidates. 
Twenty-four years ago, I supported full public funding for all federal elections. 
The debates are sponsored by the Presidential Debate Committee. 
I think I want children who receive federal funding from ADI or Title I -- they are children with disabilities or -- or poor children or -- or low-income children, rather, I want them to go to school of their choice. 
And that's one of the reasons I think I can do this job, because I'm determined for these soldiers and for these families, for those kids who put their lives at risk. 
For 40 years, Republican Party platforms have called for equal rights for women with a constitutional amendment. 
Mr. WELKER: Gentlemen, let me ask a few questions about all of this as a whole. 
Instead of just coming the mild fanaticism of low expectations, that there must be a consequence. 
I have developed -- putting money in my budget to expand community health centres across the country. 
Now we are in the midst of a conflict that we have never experienced, in the face of the possibility that terrorists may smuggle a deadly biological agent or nuclear weapon into one of our own cities. 
He's a president who couldn't do what he said he'd do. 
Again, we spend three weeks of combat missions in Iraq, more than we spent all the time in Afghanistan. 
You see this as a betrayal of the relationship you forged? 
So what we need to do is to use absolutely the best possible security. 
Given the difficulties we have had with the islands, given the difficulties and differences we have had with Chiang Kai-shek, this is the only position we can take. 
I did not plead for the reduction of the federal debt because I do not think you will be able to reduce the federal debt in nineteen sixty-one, two or three. 
It was the same government that, in 1920, told us that we had only oil left for 13 years, and 19 years later, told us that we had only 15 years left. 
You can go on. 
But I've had my anxious moments in my life. 
Iran and Russia are now against us. 
They are no longer a world power. 
And when it comes to this question, when I say that we are going to find out exactly what happened, everyone will be held responsible. 
CARTER: I think this debate on social security, health insurance, and national health insurance characterizes, like any other subject this evening, the fundamental historical differences between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. 
Today, there are about 10,000 centrifuges of spinning uranium that are preparing to create a nuclear threat to the United States and the world. 
What concerns me with the President is that he does not recognize what is on the ground, that he does not recognize the realities of North Korea, that he does not recognize the truth of the science of stem cell research or global warming and other issues. 
Gather coalitions of Republicans and Democrats and build the kind of coalitions that will do something, at last, in Washington. 
Mr. CROWLEY: Mr. President, the next question will be for you here. 
Of course it isn't, but it won't be better if we grow the government, if we invest, as Governor Clinton says, in more government. 
Can you hear me? 
We can do 30 seconds each here. 
MCCAIN: General Petraeus has just taken a position of responsibility, where he has command and will really set the tone for the strategy and tactics that are being used. 
As far as the church is concerned, and as far as the generals are concerned, we have just obtained the total support of 200 to 250 military and general leaders. 
It's a great success story. 
I do not take credit for all the good things that have happened in America, but I take credit for what I have tried to do to work with others to do good things. 
Decide who you think will do the job. 
And how would you specifically respond to the Chief's concerns? 
And then, of course, now, I'm sitting in the United States Senate as the only second black woman ever elected to the United States Senate. 
BIDEN: Let me begin by thanking you, Gwen, for having welcomed N.D. Governor, it is a pleasure to meet you, and it is a pleasure to be with you.I think this is neither the best nor the worst in Washington, but it is proof that the economic policies of the last eight years have been the worst economic policies we have ever had. 
After my father's death, my mother and I received social security benefits, helped me pay for the university, and it helped her return to university in her 1950s when she started a small business because of the new skills she acquired. 
And I'm glad to be here with you tonight, Joe. 
And the American people are ready to have a just and shared sacrifice. 
Or we passed a bill a few weeks ago in the House of Representatives for $500 million - half a billion dollars. 
So 70% of our debt is five years or less. 
You have to make choices. 
Some are said in entertainment. 
They won't be able to come back. 
I'll stick to my file. 
Many decent and honourable people felt like he did on the draft. 
Now, finally, if you can't pay the bills you're dead in the water. 
It was one of the intellectual changes that took place in my career as I looked closely at it. 
And it will do very well when we get into the debates. 
I have proposed a lot of new investments to improve the quality of life for our soldiers, for our men and women in uniform, for their families, for their training. 
What is it, Dan? Is he going -- what's your role in what's going to be? 
Donald has constantly insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we have to cooperate with Muslim nations and the American Muslim community. 
No, because I'm promised that, and yes, taxes have increased. 
And you've got more and more debts on your back. 
Mr Perot, in the post-cold-war environment, what should be the dominant national interest of the United States? 
A Gallup poll, conducted in February of this year, asked the people - in eight out of nine countries - who, according to him, would be in advance by 1970 militarily and scientifically, and a majority in eight of the nine countries declared that the Soviet Union would be by 1970. 
I like the idea of having technology for television, easy for parents to use so you can adjust these programs you don't want in your home. 
You'll have a chance in closing statements. 
At its own pace, it will take 13 years to reduce and obtain the capture of all loose nuclear materials in the former Soviet Union. 
Absolument. 
I think the Burger Court has upheld this fundamental and highly controversial decision of the Warren Court. 
I try to meet them and insist that the people who work for me meet them, if they don't, they don't stay very long. 
The time that candidates spent in this campaign to ruin the character of their opponents and their programs is depressing. 
Now Governor Romney and I share a deep interest in encouraging the growth of small businesses. 
As far as Cuba is concerned today, I believe that we are following the right path, a difficult path, but in the circumstances it is the only way for the Cuban people to achieve their aspirations for progress through freedom and to do so with our cooperation with other organizations of the member States of the Organization of American States. 
It's because it's time for this country to have someone managing it who has an idea about the money. 
Are you telling Mr. Clark (ph) and other members of the American television audience that the U.S. economy will worsen before it improves and they should be ready to do so? 
They couldn't -- GORE: I'm not going to ask them. 
Its agents now have a major interest in Lebanon, as well as in the Gaza Strip with Hamas. 
Is there too many? 
I noticed you talked a lot about this. 
But the front of this war is more than one place. 
That's absolutely incorrect. 
I think this is a mistake and I think this is a fundamental difference in our campaign and in how we approach health care. 
Let me thank everyone here at the University and, Jim, thank you. 
I think one of the problems we have faced in the world is that we are so much more powerful that any nation has been in contact with the rest of the world than at any time in history, which I know, anyway. That there is some resentment about American power. 
Or do we want to move forward, walk together, as a nation of strength, and that will continue to be strong? 
We have seen reports of a narrowing of the success gap between majority and minority students. 
I think it would help. 
We tried to buy the success of our enemies, and at the same time we excluded from the process the normal friendship of our allies. 
Yeah, because that's another math issue. 
People who occupy the highest position of the earth must be responsible for the decisions they make in life. 
I signed the criminal justice reform in the state of Indiana, senator, and we are very proud of it.I worked at Congress on the second chance. 
Like Mr. Perot, I held crack babies in my arms. 
A few years ago, when he came to power, the president said -- these are his words -- "What we need are good Conservative judges in the courts." 
People who have jobs, studies and opportunities that didn't have them 10 years ago don't think at all that it's irrelevant; they think it's very relevant and they want the rest of the country to have them. 
And since today is Eleanor Roosevelt's 100th anniversary, let me quote it. 
If you don't mind letting me finish... 
Drummond's question is for Senator Kennedy. 
And I hope he'll be away soon. 
All we have to do is agree to restore it, make it habitable and live there - just like 100 years or more ago, we did with the open land in this urban country. 
If we don't build more B-2 bombers in California and we lose about 500,000 jobs in California, because of this devastation, these big cuts. 
This is exactly where the tax cuts took place. 
We're in trouble. 
They also said... 
And you've never been able to do the job. 
That's why we need to make sure we have the best science and research in the world. 
I wrote about this in my book... TRUMP: Is it President Obama's fault? 
We were particularly disturbed, Joe, at a recent fundraiser that you attended where there was an actor who got up and criticized George Bush's religion. 
My answer. 
Because it costs a lot of money to open them safely. 
And we must do everything we can to prevent genocide, everything we can to prevent these terrible calamities that we have never said again. 
And without a university job, it's unacceptable. 
I mean, I'll give you — and I was in Washington, D.C., on September 11. 
The argument has been used against every social legislation over the past 25 years. 
They interviewed all my children's friends from childhood. 
If, for example, someone confesses the crime and someone waits on death row, there must be vigilance to say wait a minute, did we have the wrong guy? 
We now turn to another question - a question to President Carter by Barbara Willers. 
Osama bin Laden can't decide. 
I asked them a week ago, what did I pay? 
I said last week that I believed in a balanced budget. 
One little thing, gentlemen. 
And the American people see the results every day, despite the proud and courageous service of our men and women in uniform. 
This is a new subject -- a new issue, and it has to do with President Putin and Russia. 
We have not made the necessary progress to get people back to work. 
I think we have a question about international affairs here, hopefully. 
And WikiLeaks is part of it, just like other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's about accurate information, and so they said t. e. have never been in the history of our country in a situation where an opponent, a foreign power, works so hard to influence the outcome of the election. 
Barack had 94 opportunities to take sides with the people and reduce taxes and 94 times he voted to increase taxes or not support a tax reduction, 94 times. 
Four years ago, I said I'm not a perfect man and I wouldn't be a perfect president. 
I want to put an end to tax relief for businesses that ship jobs abroad and provide a tax credit for every business that creates a job here in America. 
So I don't think we should go back to the days of isolation and start blaming strangers. 
Maybe you think that makes sense. 
I wouldn't have taken any other options. 
But Barack Obama has established four basic criteria for any type of rescue plan here. 
Fourthly, I believe that we should not pursue a policy of hard money and high interest rates which certainly helped to intensify the 1958 recession, and I think it contributed to the slowdown of 1960. 
For the future, the country has the right to know, do you have a policy to deal with terrorism wherever it occurs, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that could lead us to do things differently if that, or something similar, were to happen again? 
One of the main things, in fact, perhaps the main one was the balance sheet. 
Currently, in the United States of America, businesses pay the second highest corporate tax rate in the world, 35 per cent. 
But we didn't use the American forces, the best trained in the world, to kill him. 
As far as foreign affairs are concerned, some believe that this is irrelevant. I don't think so. 
Take some clean energy. 
Senator McCain, you go first. 
This means that there will be a reduction in unemployment. 
He talked about the marauding gangs, the young gangs, the people who are going to maraud our cities. 
CLINTON: First of all, I think it is important to make the vote more accessible. 
And I'll tell you exactly how. 
The choices were not good at the time. 
And tonight, I'll make sure. 
It collapsed. 
Unemployment, the number of people seeking employment, is still 23 million Americans. 
First of all, I have to say one thing, very important. 
And of course, we are talking about a positive action plan to restore this economy and to restore jobs in America. 
And he could do the job. 
It's a division campaign. 
And we cannot do so if we do not have sufficient funds for, for example, information that has been reduced by Congress, sufficient funds for technical assistance. 
TRUMP: Well, could I just finish — I think I...[crosstalk] HOLT: I'll give you a chance here... TRUMP: I think I should — you go to his website, and you look at his website. 
Karl Marx was the grandfather of communism. 
Purchasing powers. 
And the idea that he insists that we move forward and that we will open when you have almost half of the states in America with a significant increase in VOCID deaths and VOCID cases in the United States of America, and he wants to open it up more. 
Another health issue is that of Vickie French, and it's for you, Vice President Gore. 
This is a relevant question here tonight. 
Secondly, there are not many times in your life where you can talk to an entire country, but let me just say this to all of America: If you hate people, I don't want your vote. 
I think if we've learned something in Vietnam, it's that you first hire this nation before you hire the troops on the battlefield. 
Sometimes I can take myself too seriously. 
What saddens me is that I have watched the unrest between the Israelis and the Palestinians in recent days. 
Amnesty means what you did was right. 
And it's against my lawyers, they say, "Don't do this." 
What does that mean, do you have a plan? 
She doesn't have a... secretary Clinton? 
I was visiting in January with Mr. Takeshita, the new Prime Minister of Japan. I said, "You pay five times more for the beef we pay for our country - pay it in our country, six times more for rice. You have a trade surplus of $60 billion with us. You could improve your people's standard of living. You spend 27 percent of your disposable income. We spend 14 or 15 percent." "When you have this kind of barrier against us, it is not a free and fair trade and we do not believe that it should continue. » 
It does not cost the government anything as opposed to Barack Obama's plan to mandate health care coverage and to have this universal government program and unless you are satisfied with the way the federal government has managed something lately, I don't think it will be really nice for the Americans to consider that health care is being taken care of by the federals. 
Less dependence on foreign sources of crude oil is good for consumers. 
I therefore think that personal stories are, in some respects, surprisingly similar. 
So adding nine million new jobs, controlling inflation, and planning for the future with an energy policy now intact as the basis is our plan for the years to come. 
Economically, we saved him. 
But by itself, this for me can involve a fundamental American strategic interest because I think it's based on our values. 
The first thing we did was to streamline the legal immigration system, reduce the backlog, make it easier, simpler and cheaper for people waiting in line, obey the law to make sure they can come here and contribute to our country, and it's good for our economic growth. 
Tell him you can get everything you have. 
I therefore believe that we will have to change and strengthen the pension requirements of private pension plans. 
But he was eight years old when he was vice president. 
There's a difference between a quarterback and a cheerleader, and when there's a real problem, a president has to face it. 
Paul Tsongas, a Liberal senator from Massachusetts, said that the stupidest thing I did was to oppose the reduction of capital gains. 
As we said a moment ago, we want to ask voters across the country questions via social media, and our first trips on this subject. 
We'll keep this country safe. 
Maybe the next debate, Joe Biden, will answer the question. 
I think you put your finger on a major problem. 
Let's look at Africa. 
I think Senator Dole and I do not agree. 
And these are false statements. 
If you want to sell a weapon illegally, you have to be arrested. 
The Clinton Foundation is one of the world's most renowned charities. 
(Applause) And so I still don't know if it's for or against the tax increase. 
I firmly believe that we must have a military presence on the Korean peninsula, not only to maintain peace on the peninsula, but also to maintain regional stability. 
What are they gonna do when the campaign's over? 
On the other hand, we found that the bill had entered into legislative difficulties and, as a result, no action has been taken. 
When George Bush took office, we had surpluses. 
So you think it's like a murder? 
Is there anyone in this audience who would like to ask the candidates a question about this? 
Mr President, a minute for rebuttal. 
In fact, we have 4% of the world's population, 20% of the dead. 
I can tell him I'm against it. 
We -- we are making decisions in the army today that -- that will enable us to meet challenges that we cannot imagine. 
HARRIS: First of all, I love to hear our young leaders, and when I hear his words, when I hear your words, Brecklynn, I know our future is bright, because it's this perspective on who we are and who we should be – it's a sign of leadership and it's something we should all aspire to be. 
The jobs that are being created in Arizona right now pay about $13,700 less than the jobs we lose. 
Where do you want me to start? 
BUSH: Well, a lot of what this campaign is, it seems to me Bernie, goes to the question of values. 
He said that if positive action means quotas, it is against. 
When you talk about healing, I think I've developed very good relationships over the last few moments with the African-American community. 
He jumped on it a year after he was introduced and it was never passed. 
Your time's up. 
Now we import more than 60 percent. 
None of them have health insurance. 
But let me tell you where we were. 
I'm the least racist person in this room. 
But all my proposals concern this problem, the security of arms. 
It is not our side that raised the question of our president, whether he is a good Christian or not, so I am our position - the separation of the Church and the State, pluralism, respect for all. 
We cannot afford massive cuts to the economy when we are in the terrible competition we have with the Soviets. 
And it was the Republicans in the House who decided that they would be part of the solution to this problem. 
The army is in trouble. 
It's not the test to find out if America's moving. 
I interpret this as, one, making sure that people who are less fortunate and cannot take care of themselves are taken care of by -- one by the other. 
STOCKDALE: I don't -- I, too, abhor abortions, but I don't think they should be made illegal, and I don't -- and I don't think it's a political problem. 
And what the president said about tax cuts was wiped out by the increase in health care, the increase in gasoline, the increase in tuition fees, the increase in prescription drugs. 
Our country is based on the principle that our Government must be religiously neutral. 
Now I want to go back to the whole issue of health care, because we've touched it, but I think the Americans deserve to know what we would do differently. 
And they say that in the 1970s you played virtually no part in the painful bus crisis in Boston. 
And in the middle of the discussion, to tell them about the missiles in Cuba, he said, "Here, let me show you the pictures." DeGaulle stirred them up and said: "No, no, no, no. The words of the President of the United States are good enough for me." 
But when a woman's health is at stake, I think the government must be respectful. 
TRUMP: Well, for one thing, and before we started on this_my father gave me a very small loan in 1975, and I built it in a company that is worth a lot, a lot of billions of dollars, with some of the largest assets in the world, and I say that only because it's the kind of thought our country needs. 
I know something about prosecution. 
I said I did it if it was administered fairly and fairly. 
And I want to start with the security of our elections and some news overnight. 
We could have done this in Medicare. 
We can debate methods, we can debate one decision or another, but there are two things that cannot be debated - experience and results. 
President Ford and Governor Carter have no notes or remarks prepared with them tonight, but they can take notes during the debate and make reference to them. 
Why did he deserve three and a half million Moscow? 
I said I would work for tax relief for middle-class Americans. 
There's a lot of closed gas we need to get out of Alaska by pipeline. 
Governor Carter apparently doesn't know the facts. 
Much remains to be done. 
PENCE: We could put cybersecurity first if we make sure that the next Secretary of State does not have a private server.An in-depth investigation concluded that no reasonable prosecutor would take any further action. 
And you must know the record here. 
He voted against. 
And if we're going to do some things you mentioned, like lower loan rates or what you have, someone has to pay for it. 
And if you want to pay the rest of his plan, all the other spending programs, you're going to put it on to the worker. 
I was one of the only democrats in the Senate supporting the Persian Gulf War. 
What did you mean by this comment? 
The next question is from the room for Senator McCain. 
Now, and -- and I talked to a guy who has a very small business. 
This means that we must continue to have a balanced budget here, in all possible circumstances; because the moment when we lose confidence in our own tax policies at home, it makes us sink gold. 
Mr. Speaker, why have you blocked the re-importation of safer and cheaper drugs from Canada, which would have reduced costs from 40 to 60 per cent? 
For 40 years, all those who come to the presidency have published their tax returns. 
I'll go very fast. 
I trust women to make decisions that affect their lives, their destiny and their bodies. 
I am in favour of that rather than massive federal spending programs that will generally come into effect long after you have gone through the recession. 
Uhh - we seemed to have decided that it was part of our business to tell the Rhodesians, for example, that the way they treat their own blacks is bad and that they have to change their government and we put pressure on them. 
One last point if I can. 
I want Joe the plumber to spread that wealth. 
It's up to 40%. 
Wrong. 
And all of this is covered in my budget of -- the plans I've made -- by increasing taxes on families with incomes in excess of $200,000 and by asking foreign companies to pay the same tax as U.S. companies on the same income, starting with $140 billion in budget cuts, including what I think is very conservative cuts in the defence budget. 
There will be two minutes of opening and closing statements. 
And when we find a problem, we spend more money to correct it. 
For example, the national assessment of progress in education, an independent evaluation service, shows that there has been no progress in reading over the past eight years. 
TRUMP: President Obama has brought millions of people out. 
Thanks for serving. 
Again, let me -- let me talk about these tax breaks. 
When you cut defence spending, some people are going to be thrown at work. 
I am about to take up one of your points to ask the Vice-President, that is, he points out that you want to add a public option to Obamacare. 
Well, you have the last word about it, but we'll get back to it. 
If it's amazing that I'm voting to refuse rescue treatment to a child, it's because it's not true. 
I was asked to bring Chrysler and General Motors back. 
Do you want a quick answer? 
There are other countries that have policies that determine how they will react. 
Then the companies won't come here. 
I think it will be difficult, but I am convinced that this country can fulfil its responsibilities. 
Congressman? 
We should protect the American flag with a constitutional amendment. 
What I'm doing is that I'm filling business gaps, stop offering tax cuts to businesses that ship jobs abroad so we can give tax relief to businesses that invest here in the United States. 
I think the vast majority of Americans believe that. 
When I took it, we had a bureaucratic disorder, as we did in Washington now, and we had three hundred agencies, departments, offices, commissions - uh some, uh - fully budgeted, some not, but all having the responsibility to carry it out was in conflict. 
There is a major program called Project Exile in Richmond, Virginia, where we concentrated the money of federal taxpayers and federal prosecutors and went after people who illegally used firearms. 
Are these just conservative ministers you're opposed to? 
And at a conference, we stayed with them until even Senator Simpson did not want the bill out of the conference committee. 
We have 1.6 million abortions. 
Thank you. 
I was president of "Minnesotans for Kennedy"; President Reagan was president of something called "Democrats for Nixon". 
Is that what you want to do? 
They put on the American flag. 
They're very strong. 
And that's what I did, sir. 
We have great faith in the ability of freedom to transform societies, to convert a world hostile to a peaceful world. 
It doesn't give children enough time. 
You're on the ticket with Michael Dukakis, a man who opposes the death penalty, a man who is in favour of gun control, and at the same time you're running for the United States Senate in the state of Texas, where your position on many of these same issues is well known, and absolutely opposed to him. 
The federal program doesn't do that. 
That's the answer, but to get the technology, you need to have a growing economy. 
They need when they run for a 9-11 call to have someone with them as a psychologist or psychiatrist to prevent them from having to use force and be able to convince people. 
Foreign lobbyists are taking leaves. 
Here are a few brief remarks on the failures of this administration. 
Until we had a Republican Congress, we ended up acting, and I'm proud of my Republican Party colleagues for doing this. 
It is interesting here and abroad to know who will be the new Secretary of State. 
5 billion contracts without commitment in Iraq, and instead of some of their money being withheld, which is normally done, because they are under investigation, they have continued to obtain their money. 
And let me explain why. 
He's healthy for the mother. 
And so when Admiral Mullen and General Petraeus came to Congress and said, if you remove these people before the end of the fighting season, it puts people more in danger. 
They say that if a patient arrives, let's get all the doctors together, let's do a test instead of giving the patient 10 tests. 
We cannot dictate the terms of peace, which means that you must be stable. 
I support the Biden plan I presented. 
It's who you trust, the government or the people. 
It's overwhelming support from my own people who know me better. 
He said, in 2006, "Gee, I hope it's going to collapse, because I can go and buy it and make money." 
We also mean that, to the extent that it is humanly possible, the banking sector itself should pay the cost of any bank failure; taxpayers should not. 
I am not going to wear pink glasses with regard to Russia, or Mr Putin. 
Oh, my God. 
They're having a hard time making ends meet. 
At home, you'll have an empty chair at the kitchen table this morning. 
Good luck. 
And I think our allies would be very happy to join a fair and verifiable SALT agreement. 
WALLACE: Well, you raised a question, let the vice-president answer. 
Which was rejected. 
Where we don't have much money at the federal level to spend on education, we should spend it to help the 90% of the children we can help. 
As we meet tonight, millions of Americans receive ballot papers by mail or will vote earlier. 
I think everyone knows now that we are in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. 
This is not smart because seven out of every ten new jobs in America are created by small businesses. 
And once again, the American people deserve to know, Joe Biden has opposed President Trump's decision to suspend all travel from China. 
But I know that, which President Kennedy in his inaugural speech told us all that on Earth, God's work must really be ours. 
We will continue to reach out. 
But Columbine spoke of a broader issue. 
And I hope that tonight we will see the final results of this bold and courageous effort. 
I love counting votes. 
First, we have to have the money to be able to pay the defense, and we have to make it here. 
One of the reasons I succeeded as governor of Texas is because I didn't try to be everything for everyone. 
They don't want them living next to toxic waste sites. 
What we're going to give you is a 50 percent tax credit to help provide health care to those you need. 
So you, dear voters, are on the auction block, and these two candidates are calling for your votes. 
The green New Deal isn't my plan. That's what I said. That's what I said. 
If you did that, the car would be safer. 
"If they want to keep their Mickey Mouse system, it's fine with me." 
If you look at the Paris Agreement, it was a disaster from our point of view. 
And it seems to me that it could be a complement, or certainly a great helper to do that. 
Do you think he has shown good leadership or attention to the duty to blame all this on the careless work of your accountant? 
Of course I do. 
We have intelligence, sir. 
We want n.u to have the best health care plan there is. 
You know a big difference in this campaign is that Governor Romney feels comfortable having politicians in Washington deciding the health care choices women make. 
Thirdly, I think it is possible to earn $700 million to $1 billion through tax changes that, I believe, would fill the gaps in dividend deductions and expense accounts. 
It's Joe Biden. 
The CDC, which is responsible for health in the United States, sets these priorities and allocates influenza vaccine accordingly. 
But Hillary Clinton wants — wants to repeal the long-standing provision in the law where we said we would not use taxpayers' money to finance n.o. for me, my faith informs my life. 
Bernie, this is of particular interest to me. 
It's the same old argument that caused us trouble on the deficit side. 
I want to make sure that we invest in energy to free ourselves from dependence on foreign oil. 
That is because this administration has no credibility on this issue. 
If I have the chance to win your trust, the mission of the American army will be to be ready and ready to fight and win the war. 
They believe that the levels at which we work and the reductions I have proposed are appropriate. 
We are not elected for three years. 
And I would like each of you to give a precise answer to what you intend to do for pensioners in relation to these questions, not the generalities, but the details because I think these are very worrying questions. 
And yet, this is the most important issue of our time. 
There is no doubt, I think, about that. 
It will invest in infrastructure. 
Vice President Gore? 
And the best way to do this is not to impose and spend, but to recycle, to get control of mandatory spending programs. 
I know the suburbs much better than you do. 
With a billion dollars... 
But I'm very -- this is one of the real successes here of the work we've done. 
If you've been on TV about this, you think you've done it. 
Governor Clinton. 
In New Hampshire, Senator Kerrey said you should tell the truth about it. On April 17, he said he would bring out all the files on the project. 
It's no use to anyone. 
You bet I want to open a small part of Alaska. 
They interfered with American sovereignty. 
I think these issues are intrinsically personal and moral, and each individual case is different. 
It is the largest democracy in the world. 
I do not think — I hope we do not need it, in terms of the elections themselves. 
And I proposed a plan to ensure that we bring manufacturing jobs back to our coasts by rewarding businesses and small businesses that invest here, not abroad. 
Antifa is not an organization. That's what I said. That's what I said. 
I believe that when we look at the democratic platform, when we look at the proposals that it discussed this evening, when we compare them to the proposals that I have made, those proposals that it makes would not lead to greater growth for this country than if we followed the programmes that I have advocated. 
They said ours would save tens of billions of dollars and cover all the Americans. 
If you want someone who is willing to fight for you, I ask for your support and vote and, yes, your confidence and your willingness to believe that we can do the right thing in America, and be the best for it. 
Create jobs and opportunities. 
I was a member of the school board and a member of the library board. 
Senator Obama, two minutes. 
I gave you some time. 
I think what happens is when you try to match whether or not I've had a military experience, it's the natural conclusion. 
You have a double sense over there. 
A charter school run by people from Teach For America. 
But the bad news is that all my little five-minute stuff has crashed, so, anyway, we adapt to our arrival. 
I have proposed a constitutional amendment. 
It's about the audience. 
I've been in touch with people my whole life. 
Mondale won, and that means he chose to give the final statement. 
And in 2006, our seniors will get coverage against prescription drugs under health insurance. 
I will publish a white paper after this show, quoting exactly what he said about compulsory arbitration, for example, and the file will show that I was right. 
Has anyone read my press clippings for four years? 
All seniors will be covered, all poor seniors will have their prescription drugs paid, and in the meantime we will have a plan to help poor seniors and in the meantime, it could be a year or two. 
He said that in his first year, he had put in place an immigration plan that would address our immigration challenges. 
Where did that – no, I didn't say since Abraham Lincoln did what I did for the black community. 
We are exhausted in nuclear terms. 
And fortunately... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Governor Romney, that's not what you said... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Governor Romney, you didn't... ROMNEY: You can take a look at the op-ed... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: You didn't say you would provide government assistance. 
One minute's answer, Mr. Vice-President. 
The only problem is: Your employer now has to pay taxes on the health care you receive from your employer. 
Mr. SAWYER (spoke in French): Mr. President. 
President Obama said you kept your doctor, that you kept your plan. 
I visited a Chrysler dealership in Japan. 
Now they did. 
Those that I think can cut off funding for the troops after promising not to do so are another story. 
You thought you'd never come in here, didn't you? 
1 per cent, a program of authority for return and autonomy to local and state governments that has been unfairly seized by the federal government. 
Ross Perot has a plan to balance the five-year budget from start to finish. 
And I want to fight for them. 
We're sorry if we are. 
Yes, I would have. 
Let me say that I would be happy to give the vice president the name of my accountant, but I warn you, he is expensive. 
And when Secretary Clinton talks about people who have not been paid, first of all, they have been paid a lot, but have benefited from the laws of n. w., if you want to change the laws, you have been there for a long time, changing the laws. 
But worse still, as ugly as it may be - and I know that it is a tragedy for many people both on the pro-choice and pro-life position - we have a president who vetoed Congress's ban on ugly and horrible practice of taking life away from a child just a few moments before he or she enters the world. 
That's what I admit. 
This year, we saw record hurricanes in the south. 
LEHRER: I want to make sure -- yes, sir -- but in this minute, I want to make sure we understand -- people who look understand the differences between you two on this point. 
You need more police. 
They deserve it and we are committed to them. 
But, you should pay attention to this campaign, because Governor Romney has also made commitments. 
REAGAN: I believe that the only unpopular measures, in fact, that could be or would be implemented, would be unpopular for the government, and for them. Perhaps some special interest groups that are closely linked to the government. 
Let me ask a simple question. 
The key is whether or not we have priorities that work for you as opposed to those that have dictated politics in Washington lately, and they are mostly lobbyists and special interests. 
I look at what's happening in the world, and I see Iran four years closer to a bomb. 
Me. 
He did not compromise the principles. 
We got him out of the House of Representatives. 
That's how he collects $3.6 trillion from your -- taxing your health care delivery to give you a $5,000 plan, which his website points out, will go directly to the insurance company. 
And of course, military action is the last resort. 
We need to change direction. 
Some people think I stopped playing a few years earlier, but I retired in 1970. 
And I prefer the death penalty. 
One is Governor Avell-Averell Harriman, who visited the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, and the other is James Schlesinger, whom I think you have accompanied to China. 
That's what's happening in Iraq, and it wasn't a tactic. 
He got on his watch. 
I have to look at the clock here. 
And if Israel is attacked, America will be with Israel. 
They're finding new remedies, and that's great. 
I said she didn't have endurance. 
How about a veto line? 
He talked to Bibi Netanyahu as much as anyone else. 
I think he'll leave. 
I want to ask Carol Goldberg to get up, because she comes to a question that these two men have been passionate about. 
And guess who usually ends up closing the tax gap? 
We are ahead of the entire Western European country. 
She's a fantastic woman I met in Charlotte, North Carolina. She and her son Bryan came to see me. 
"It's only $18 billion." You know it's tripled in the last five years? 
This is particularly true of recent efforts to close part of Alaska. 
And as far as the absolute gap is concerned, we see that the United States is even ahead of 20 years ago. 
How do you change the tone, as vice president, to number two? 
Cuts in the national defence. 
I'll try to do the same thing. 
You have two minutes. 
If we can get together, nothing can stop us. 
KAINE: ... and said it was discriminatory... PENCE: And these judges — these judges said... KAINE: We should focus on danger, not discrimination. 
And he extended Medicare's life until 2024. 
Nine times more. 
Mr. Ellis, do you have a follow-up question for Mr. Carter? 
I object that someone prefers something for which he is not qualified. 
Governor, you said in July that someone should explain to you exactly what the vice president does every day. 
The Dorgan working group, which included two internal revenue commissioners, a Republican, a Democrat. It was a bipartite commission, a study of two respected economists, which indicated that we could raise some $40, 45, 50 billion of these funds. 
I suggested that we amend our legislation so that we can have closer economic ties. 
And she's been talking about downtown for 25 years. 
Mr. MASHEK (spoke in French): Mr. President, yesterday tens of thousands of people marched in front of the White House to express their concern about the AIDS disease. 
Please. 
DOLE: Well, I forgot to mention North Korea and Cuba a while ago. 
Now I think it's the right strategy; I think it's the right policy. 
Number two, there's a very strong email, talking about your family wanting to make $10 million a year for presentations. 
They must be held accountable. 
And so that was why I didn't identify any particular action lines when I answered a question a week ago. 
Governor, you have a minute to refute. 
Teachers' salaries have fortunately increased by fifty per cent over the past eight years, compared with only a thirty-four per cent increase for other salaries. 
It's not just women's problems. 
Gentlemen. 
That's right. 
I still believe it. 
We must associate ourselves with their aspirations. 
They don't want their condition to stop. 
But the reason is obvious. 
I just want to point out that autism, for example, or other special needs will require additional funding if we are to become serious in terms of research. 
But I don't want to mandate him and risk rehabilitating this. 
I'd contact our allies in a way that this president didn't get. 
And the day I was in the situation room, watching the raid that brought Osama bin Laden to justice, he was hosting the Apprenticeship Celebrity. 
I've been thinking about it. 
I believe that the free enterprise system is the greatest engine of prosperity the world has ever experienced. 
One of the things I said from the beginning of this campaign is that we have a moral commitment and an economic imperative to do something about the health care crisis that so many families are facing. 
It is difficult to move from tyranny to democracy. 
Maybe we have no other choice. 
REAGAN: Well, let me say that with regard to the same missile system, I happen to support and believe in the missile itself. 
He said he was going to reform it. 
I am proud of this work, once again, bipartite, touching through the aisle, working together, democrats and republicans. 
I would say that the results are very ambiguous. 
He had to pay a $850,000 fine to one of the women. 
Because we're running out of time... TRUMP: Because I don't agree with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. 
The government does not create jobs. 
We have not seen the progress we must make, and I am convinced that with strong leadership and an effort to build a strategy based on helping these nations to reject extremism, we can see the kind of peace and prosperity that the world demands. 
When we have a country that hurts so much, which is torn apart by all the countries of the world, it is the kind of thought that our country needs, because everyone — Lester, we have a trade deficit with all the countries we deal with, of nearly $800 billion a year. 
Some of them are in the 1950s and 1960s. 
But I'll tell you, I was there... WALLACE: Mr Trump... TRUMP: If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws. 
It's not a government takeover. 
I offer you my own vision, my own experience, my own proposals. 
It's an election on the course of America. 
Again, remember that it is reciprocal; it is verifiable and it is a challenge that once this challenge is not met, if the tests were to resume, we would also continue the tests. 
We don't have to worry about this type of testing. 
And the greatest resource of all are the two hundred and fifteen million Americans who have in us the strength, character, intelligence, experience, patriotism, idealism, compassion, the feeling of fraternity on which we can count in the future to restore the greatness of our country.We should no longer be excluded from our government. 
Your responsibility is to introduce you on November 5. 
We must therefore do everything in our power to put an end to racial profiling. 
President Bush wrote the first checks. 
Now it's a sin if you take a human life. 
I think it's worthy of follow-up. 
We'll keep guessing what he's hiding. 
But that in itself was a good thing. 
There are certainly dangers there, there are certainly other difficult points in the world that are closer to Europe than to the United States. 
Jane Bryant Quinn has the next question for you, Mr. Anderson. 
No one ever told the American people that we had increased spending by $1.83 for every dollar of taxes raised. 
GORE: The chairman of their national campaign steering committee, Senator D'Amato, said that Bob Dole should cut off health insurance to pay for this proposal, but that he would wait for it to be made after the election. 
President Clinton came to California in 1992. 
I think the Americans deserve better than they deserve. 
I've been pro-life for 16 years... 
Yes, in the next four years, as I said, somewhere there's going to be a crisis, and you must have a qualified president, has experience, and has been tested. 
To pay for the things that we believe must be done -- and I hope I have the chance to talk about health care and education, because we have plans on these two issues -- what we're going to do is reduce tax cuts. 
Last week, as part of a programme like this, you said that the next President would face a serious crisis in Berlin. 
This is not really a response to the immediate problem facing gasoline consumers and domestic fuel oil consumers this winter. 
Someone who understands that there are real Americans out there with real problems, whether they're soccer mothers, single parents, families or the elderly, or people with disabilities, whoever they are. 
I think the problem should have been solved by increasing productivity, by putting people at work so that they could buy more goods, reduce personal income taxes, perhaps increase them, if necessary, on corporations in comparison. 
Good evening, Governor Bush, Vice President Gore. 
He's growing at 1.3. 
I think it can't work, won't work, and will lead to all sorts of cynical escapes from the law. 
And to give them such technology, I disagree. 
This agreement does not contain any restrictions on the content or purpose of the questions. 
Well, you know, once again, Donald implies that he did not support the invasion of Iraq. 
He didn't demonize them. 
Merci, amiral. 
We cannot let that happen. 
As soon as I do, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes first. 
I think this is the most exciting moment in the history of the world to be alive. 
And, 5, I would have an aggressive program of school reform, more choice -- I prefer public schools or these new charter schools -- we can talk about it if you want. 
We are in favour of negotiations. 
Remarkable. 
Under their rules, candidates are not allowed to question each other directly. 
It is a new system of weapons that has great potential, both conventional and nuclear. 
The worst thing we can do in this economic climate is to increase people's taxes. 
What is at stake here is the question of leadership for everyone free. 
The same applies to our local law enforcement agencies; we support them in every possible way. 
Why the disconnection? 
Bill Clinton, a candidate for President of the United States, spoke of the Persian Gulf War. He said, "If I had been in the Senate, I would have voted with the majority if it were a tight vote. But I agree with the arguments of the minority." 
They're not letting me do this. 
I look around the world and I don't think you see North Korea, continuing to export their nuclear technology, Russia said they're not going to follow Nunn-Lugar anymore. 
We are going to go through a very aggressive energy policy, 31/2 million more jobs in this country. 
PENCE: – Fighting for free and fair trade, and all this is online – 
KAINE: ...that it is a good thing, not a bad thing, that it is a good thing — not a bad thing — that we have moved from 175,000 soldiers deployed abroad to 15.0. 
Mommar Gaddafi had more American blood on his hands than any other individual than Osama bin Laden. 
Because there are two ways to deal with our health care crisis. 
You almost remember that expression? 
If you declare them currency handlers on the first day, some people -- say you're just going to start a trade war with China on the first day. 
We're going to train troops, and we are. 
And I don't look at it in terms of how it does, the blue states and the red states. 
Governor Romney, you keep trying, you know the history of the airbrush here. 
Yes, certainly. 
He's a solid judgmental man and he's going to be a person by my side. 
The Soviet Union is no longer, and we are working with a democratic country. 
TRUMP: [crosstalk]. 
And I will continue to do so and point to legislative implementation to support it. 
He says you can't spend the same dollar twice. 
I applaud the no-fly zone, and I know that it is returning to the United Nations to try to obtain the necessary authority to implement it. 
Your own Chief of Staff said you were a disaster. 
You can do it on the 4th of November. 
And that's how you find out who can try to recruit, who can try to come from one country to another. 
The president didn't finish his job. 
I know — I know about Russia, but I don't know anything about Russia's internal functioning. 
My hope for America is a prosperous America, an America full of hope and a safer world. 
Mr. Reagan, as you saw tonight -- President Reagan takes the position that he will magically disappear. 
I believe that we must control compulsory expenditure. 
MCCAIN: But having a situation, as you mentioned in our previous comments, that the most expensive education in the world is in the United States of America also means that it is asking for reform. 
The federal government has declined, the Texas government has increased. 
The people of the Northwest - in Washington and Oregon - complain about what is happening to the wood industry and the agricultural industry. 
This is what he has done when it comes to, for example, passing the Crime Bill of 1994, the Violence Against Women Act. 
(Applause) BUSH: I still have a few minutes left. 
That's a problem they raised. 
There are many things we can do in the Pentagon where dishonest entrepreneurs have filled their pockets at the expense of the American taxpayer. 
It's R.C. 
And she goes after the facts, and she's still lying, because she said that she — you know, what she did with the e-mails was good. 
You cannot have 23 million people who find it difficult to find a job. 
BUSH: Actually, Mitch McConnell had a minimum wage system that I supported and that would have increased the minimum wage. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Governor, an answer. 
If Slobodan Milosevic prevailed in Yugoslavia, despite the results of the elections, would you be in favour of its overthrow? 
We do not want to engage in any other kind of war. 
OBAMA: First of all, I think Governor Romney will have a busy first day, because he will also abrogate Obamacare, which will not be very popular among the Democrats since you are sitting with them. 
But as far as their accessibility by the American people is concerned, it is far away in the future. 
And I will be honest, I am so disappointed by the Members, including the Republicans, for allowing n.r. Ministry of Justice, where her husband goes on the back of a plane for 39 minutes, to speak to the Attorney General days before a decision is made on her case. 
And it would be a tax paid by consumers, and then we are asked to believe that in some way they would bring it back to consumers. 
But he said, "Don't wear masks. He said, as you know, "It won't be a problem. I think he's a democrat, but he's fine. 
Because I think that special interests have too much power, and we must return our democracy to the American people. 
For example, if the Arab countries once again declared an embargo against our nation on oil, I would consider it not a military declaration but a declaration of economic war, and I would react immediately and in kind. 
And then if a little of this comes in my way, they load it with Christmas trees and tax increases, and I have to stand up and favor the taxpayer. 
We removed the individual warrant. 
It is — the Islamic State of Raqqa has invaded vast areas that, with great sacrifice, the American soldier has won in the Iraqi freedom operation, and yet Senator Kaine is still sitting here, a loyal soldier — I understand all this — saying that Hillary Clinton's and Barack Obama's foreign policy has somehow made the world safer. 
And I think that being governor of California is probably the closest thing to the presidency, if possible, to any executive employment in America today - because it is the most populous state. 
The governor speaks of limits, which we cannot do, opposes these two systems of modernization, speaks now of good, we will develop a new type of missile. 
And the main reason why we will succeed is because the Iraqis want to be free. 
Thank God I was in the camp with Jimmy Baker and I didn't have to hear all the personal attacks against me out of this democratic convention. 
There will be a section, the first, on internal affairs, the second on foreign affairs. 
And I am convinced that we need to do a lot of things. 
See, an educated child is much more likely to be optimistic and hopeful. 
And I object, and I will stand up and continue to oppose it. 
They're all patriots, but you have to bind the guns and work with them. 
Why, sir? 
They are a hard and ruthless adversary, and we must be prepared to meet this challenge, and I will. 
He opened a store in Baghdad, where he supervised the installation of poisons in Khurmal (ph), where terrorists developed ricin and other lethal substances to be used. 
And I don't think the government should do it. 
First of all, Donald Trump said the wages are too high. 
They earn a combined income of $51,000, they pay about $3,500 in taxes. 
OBAMA: Well, let me first talk about our diplomats, because they serve all over the world and do an incredible job in a very dangerous situation. 
This is unacceptable. 
For years, children were allowed to pray at school. 
You must have credibility. 
OBAMA: You know, I think it's -- it's going to be up to the American people. 
And I say that because from the beginning, the president in his campaign four years ago, said that he would meet all the worst actors in the world in his first year, he would sit with Chavez and Kim Jong-il, with Castro and President Ahmadinejad of Iran. 
There are 118 pages or so report that says everything I have, every bank I have, I'm totally underexploited because the assets are extremely good, and I built a big business. 
And I look forward to discussing how we're going to do it. 
And I don't think the file justifies the conclusion you're reaching. 
No one has established at all that there is fraud related to ballots by mail, that one way or another, it is a fraudulent process. 
Again, it may not work, but if it doesn't work, then we have strengthened our ability to form alliances to impose the severe sanctions that Senator McCain has just mentioned. 
I keep my word, and you'll have a tax cut. 
I'm talking. 
When Joe Biden was Vice President, we lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs and President Obama said they would never come back. 
Remember Vietnam? 
So let's go back to the harsh reality, and what I -- you know, everybody says, man, Perot, you're tough. 
You are the one who sent the photos around your campaign, sent the photos around with President Obama in a certain garb. 
And we will continue to do so. 
And then we had Somalia -- then we had the first Gulf war. 
Now we've increased that amount by 25%. 
When the middle class thrives, America thrives. 
They don't change their mind. 
When we took up our duties, we discovered that the program that the Carter-Mondale administration had said would solve the tax problems of social security for the next 50 years would not solve them for 5. 
Social security people who have worked their whole lives. 
Nothing that Governor Romney just said is true, starting with this notion of my apology. 
But apart from the constitutional amendment, and within the limits of the Supreme Court decisions, I will do everything I can to minimize the need for abortions with better sex education, family planning, with better adoption procedures. 
China has been manipulating currencies for years, years and years. 
I've known him before. 
Today, in America, more minorities own a home than ever before. 
We must have a firm way of dealing with the issue of energy. 
But Mr President, do you not think that the proliferation of the availability of handguns contributes to the possibility that these crimes will be committed? 
By the time I couldn't get them to solve these problems, I had created so much stress at the board of directors, who just wanted to keep Lawrence Welk's music running, that they asked to buy my remaining shares. 
And tomorrow night on NBC, from 10:30 to 11:00 Eastern, we're going to talk about how you're paying the debt, so we're going to come up to that. 
And unfortunately, that's the kind of opinion you've offered throughout this campaign, and it's not a recipe for the American force, or to keep America safe in the long run. 
We need a new president who has the credibility, which John Kerry has, to bring others into this effort. 
The same question is asked of Governor Reagan. 
But Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to build on Obamacare. 
KEMP: Many other results like Bosnia, Haiti and Mexico, and the Middle East, and we will not have much success. 
I've always supported him. 
She's been talking about it for years. 
I agree with Admiral Stockdale and the vast majority of the Democrats and Republicans in this country. 
But Bernie Sanders took advantage. 
We need an investment incentive to modernize facilities and equipment; we need to control the costs of health care for these people -- otherwise we can't keep manufacturing jobs here; and we need a rigorous and fair trade policy that insists on opening up markets in return for open markets. 
Transfer responsibility to Iraqis over the next 16 months. 
Are you aware of such a report, and if you are aware of the existence of such a report, should it not, because of the great importance attached to this issue in this campaign, be made public? 
We can raise our schools. 
I mean, women know what it's like to be paid an unequal amount for equal work. 
Well, if you're rich, you're better. 
Upstairs -- let's talk about my tax plan. 
You know, Donald had a lot of luck in his life, and that's all to his advantage. 
Of course we're after Saddam Hussein -- I mean bin Laden. 
If I managed it, I'd know what the plan is. 
The other thing we have to do to save Medicare? 
Because there is no connection between Saddam Hussein and the September 11 attacks -- period. 
I don't expect these things to happen, so I say with great confidence that I'm not going to go for a tax. 
No negative effect. 
I want to move... 
It's called making America big again. 
Oh, please. 
Imagine how many IRS agents it will take to be able to determine its targeted tax reduction for the middle class that excludes 50 million Americans. 
It is up to the people of this region to take control of their country. 
And that is, will our children and grandchildren ever live in a world as safe and secure as the world we grew up in? 
How can they continue to look at Israeli children killed by terrorists? 
This is double the rate of return of the current Social Security Trust. 
Is that a code word to overturn Roe v. Wade? 
I'm sorry, Mr. President. 
He is undoubtedly a terrorist. 
The facts are the company of the vice president of which he was CEO, who dealt with sworn enemies of the United States, paid millions of dollars of fines for having provided false financial information, is under investigation for bribery of foreign officials. 
Let me tell you a story about public education, if I can. 
And I believe that it is now our responsibility to do so. 
I was going to applaud, too. 
I understand and respect the tradition of possession of weapons. 
We have spent a lot of money ensuring that people receive health care in the state of Texas, and we are doing better work than they are at the national level to reduce uninsured cases. 
When my friend talks about fissile material, they have to take this highly enriched uranium, get it from 20%, and then they have to be able to have something to put it on. 
There is no doubt that the poor are worse. 
You're supposed to have a government coming from you. 
So we have the toughest laws, and you have huge gun violence. 
Why not? 
He said it won't happen again. 
And that's the kind of America I want. 
He's the only one. 
LEHRER: For this one-minute discussion here, just for all the seconds it takes: It is therefore correct to say that if someone listens to this, you both agree, if you are re-elected, Mr. President, and if you are elected, the most serious threat you believe is nuclear proliferation? 
And the best America is not behind us. 
But the highest 1% will eventually pay a third of the taxes in America and they get a fifth of the benefits. 
Attendez, les gars. 
I think we need to build safe areas. 
We know that this president has paid 50 times the tax in China, has a secret bank account with China, does business in China, and in fact, is talking about me taking money? 
I'll do it. 
They're exempting him. 
So, when you look at the penalty he paid, and when you analyze the demands I had - to spend all my time working on the economy, which was in difficulty, which I inherited; to work on our problems in South-East Asia - which were still plaguing us - it seemed to me that Mr. Nixon had been rather penalized by his resignation in shame and necessity, and the need for me to focus on the country's problems fully justified the action that I took. 
How will this affect my retirement savings or my ability to send my children to college? 
I objected to the funding of a mission that had no calendar, and was open, giving George Bush a blank cheque. 
So let's start. 
But we have a very different vision of how to make America stronger and safer. 
Pakistan has already deployed nuclear weapons. 
Does not the federal government now have a positive obligation to revitalize the American city? 
Two and a half years later, four days before a democratic election, we are the first in Afghanistan's history. 
I'm just gonna follow and I'll let you answer that, because there's a lot of things out there. 
They should take this into account when going to the voting booth. 
Then -- and it's important -- each candidate will have the chance to refute what the other said. 
We cleaned more brown fields than any other administration in the history of my state, 450 of them. 
I'm going to look at him at that moment. 
So there are differences, but this is about the main area where I think we have a difference. 
However, I have never criticized U-2 flights in general. 
Maybe we'll have to do it slowly. 
We are going to invest, for example, in 500,000 — 50,000, excuse me, 50,000 charging stations on our motorways so that we can own the electric car market in the future. 
Take them in any order you want. 
And that is to say, we cannot see this as a simple national problem. 
People are in big trouble. 
But there is no doubt that we will not be able to do everything that I believe has to be done. 
Ladies and gentlemen, my father had an expression. 
We can't tolerate that anymore. 
But there are opportunities there now. 
But we must get help from Congress to do so. 
They can say anything. 
It's just a lie. 
You're absolutely right. 
I know, yes. 
But -- but I can say this, that we are talking about the Middle East and how to help the Middle East reject the type of terrorism we see, and the rising tide of tumult and -- and confusion. 
And what can the United States do, and what can it afford to do, to defend the national interest? 
He's in electronics in St. Louis. 
Bill Clinton and I want to move our country forward, put our people back to work and create a promising future for the United States of America. 
I myself vetoed a number of such bills when I was in California. 
Do you really have the details? 
I therefore think that this could help.I would also like to consider arming the Kurds. 
I didn't get it. 
QUAYLE: I'm going to come back to the subject again -- GORE: Did you demand that of anyone? 
We're the ones who said, "Enough." 
They say it's shit. 
Now, the last thing I think we need to focus on is a little history, just so we understand what we're doing in the future. 
I want the competition and I want to pool the insurance and deal with it that way and have -- oh, here's the other point. 
My opponent says he hasn't changed his position. 
Not only should we not lift them, but we should strengthen those sanctions. 
Permitting the new bill that was passed in Congress made sense to allow, you know, the sale of drugs abroad to return and other countries to return to the United States. 
These are my best ideas about it. 
REYNOLDS: Governor, uh - in case you succeed and you achieve a drastic fall CARTER: Yes, in unemployment that is likely to create additional pressure on prices, how ready are you to consider an income policy, in other words, wage and price control? 
Women do not deserve equal pay if they do not do as good a job as men. 
The Administration vetoed this bill twice as passed by Congress. 
Mondale ? 
And that's why Al Gore and I are committed to balancing the budget every year. 
And today, El Salvador is a much better whale because we held free elections. 
SMITH: Mr. Warren's next question to Vice-President Nixon. 
Libya was a threat. 
President Bush, just a minute, sir. 
I therefore hope that Senator Kennedy, in his response today, will clarify it. 
And we want to get a question from Phillip Tricolla. 
In fact, its head of EPA's environmental application of air quality resigned to protest what they are doing to what they call the new source performance standards for air quality. 
Why should they insure someone when the government is going to insure it for them? 
EDWARDS: They had the choice to authorize prescription drugs in Canada, to be with the American people or with pharmaceutical companies. 
And the only reason why the unemployment rate seems a little lower today is because of all the people who have left the labour force. 
What I will do as president is make sure it's more attractive to go back to America. 
We can deploy half a billion additional solar panels. 
But now they spend more money on advertising and promotion. 
However, there were added things in the side of the house that seemed to us to do less of a good bill; in fact, it was a bad bill. 
I appreciate this privilege of being here and talking with s. u know, I think a good barometer here, as we're trying to figure out that it was a good time or a bad time in the U.S. economy, is going to a child football game on Saturday, and turning to any parent over there on the line and asking them, "How do you feel about the economy?" 
Not part of the army. 
You know, your campaign manager said that you built a lot of businesses on the backs of little n.d., because I met a lot of people who were raided by you and your businesses, Donald. 
Aspired to a partnership for a new generation of vehicles with the U.S. automotive industry that is making great progress and can produce a vehicle that can get 80 miles per gallon. 
Second, it cuts $716 billion from health insurance to pay for it. 
OMAMA: Well, I think Senator McCain is quite right to need more responsibility, but we don't need it just in the event of a crisis. 
We will have to put in place a very comprehensive and robust strategy to help the world of Islam and other parts of the world, to reject this radical violent extremism, which is -- it is certainly not on the run. 
There have been huge errors throughout this administration, as is the case for all jurisdictions. 
Mr. MONDALE: I think the question is too simple for what we have to do in Central America. 
And we should be concerned about this kind of effort once again after the end of the elections. 
One of the main challenges of this campaign is trust. 
I think everyone pays too much, but I think this idea that you can come out and -- and then it hits me for veto to a tax bill. 
BROKAW: Senator McCain? 
In other words, the next president, who runs America and the free world, cannot be as great as the American people. 
You talked about Haiti. 
Every dollar I've offered, I've proposed an additional discount to match it. 
So far, Mr. Ford has not responded. 
In fact, he was prosecuted twice by the Department of Justice. 
The honourable senators with him, his colleagues, did not want to listen to him and did not want to go to that reform that was necessary at the time. 
We must also ensure that we coordinate this effort with our allies, and in particular with Israel. 
Thank you, Mr. WALTERS: Thank you. 
He said Osama bin Laden uses Iraq's invasion as an excuse to spread hatred for America. 
So, in the middle of the civil war, Abraham Lincoln said, let's help finance the transcontinental railway, let's start the National Academy of Sciences, let's start the land grant colleges, because we want to give these opportunity gateways to all Americans, because if all Americans get opportunities, we're all going to be better. 
NIXON: I welcome the opportunity to fully associate myself with Senator Kennedy on this and to say to this larger audience in history something that I have said in the past and that I still want to say in the future. 
This administration revolved around the decline in spending that began in the mid-1980s and just through the Bush-Cheney administration and the early years of the Clinton administration, but now that 'is stopped. 
More Americans at work today than at any time in the country's history, and a higher percentage of the workforce. 
WOODRUFF: Brit, your question for Senator Quayle. 
Before the election, before being sworn in, Governor Romney was asked how he would proceed. 
But to add another feature, I don't control any of the tapes. 
But it will not be dedicated by a federal bureaucracy in Washington, D.C. LEHRER: All right, let's go now to a few questions about foreign and national security policy. 
We need to be more concerned about the people who play by the rules and get the balance we need. 
And we need to be able to give parents the same choice, frankly, that Senator Obama and Ms. Obama had and that Cindy and I had to send our children to school -- their children to school of their choice. 
Let me tell you directly, Vice-President Gore. 
I was the president once. 
You stay long enough, you think -- if you talk about it in Washington, you think you did it. 
The signs appear to indicate a deterioration that could lead to the establishment of a permanent subclass in cities. 
But that's not what I think. 
Not a national emergency. 
Mr Stone, in my speech on the state of the Union earlier this year, I stressed that any threat to the stability or security of the Persian Gulf would constitute a threat to the security of our own country. 
I disagreed with him. 
Mr. LEHRER: On the question of the Supreme Court. 
QUAYLE: As you note, Senator Bentsen has not told you much about what the government has done. 
We're going to bomb Iran." 
He repeated it in a debate we had on television. 
Sometimes the viewpoints have been distorted. 
Governor Romney asked for $5 billion in tax reductions that he says he'll pay by closing the deductions. 
But everyone is affected by debt because of the huge interest that goes into paying this debt is all more expensive. 
Why didn't you? 
This is not the beginning of the end of this crisis. 
People contribute, I contribute. 
I think this is one of the most important challenges facing our country in the future, and I hope that Mr.Kemp will try to persuade Senator Dole to adopt Mr.Kemp's position instead of the other. 
And over the past two years, health care premiums have increased -- that's true -- but they have increased more slowly than ever in the last 50 years. 
The fact is that there was already a book law in Illinois that required vital care, which is why not only myself but the pro-choice Republicans and Democrats voted against. 
And the ones I couldn't keep, it's not for lack of trying and we're going to do it in a second term. 
I want to give you a chance to answer, Vice President. 
I know what it takes to bring them back, and I'll do it, and make sure that when you graduate -- when will you graduate? 
I want to invest in research. 
Taxes on wages are your money. 
But what we cannot do is simply suggest, as Governor Romney has sometimes suggested, that giving heavy weapons, for example, to the Syrian opposition is a simple proposal that would allow us to be more secure in the long term. 
John Edwards and I support the criminal reform. 
What I have criticized is the Administration's inability to use its great influence to persuade the Cuban government to hold free elections, particularly in 1957 and 1958. 
Many people are sick and tired of bitterness in Washington, D.C. and so they don't want any part of politics. 
I am convinced, after studying health care for a year and talking to hundreds and hundreds of people across America, that you cannot control the cost of insurance until you control the cost of private health care and public health care, with managed competition, a cost cap and a radical reorganization of insurance markets. 
COOPER: In the past... TRUMP: And, again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. 
I agree with the masks. 
I visited some of these children without members today, because they didn't have the armor on those vehicles. 
We must have responsibility. 
What's the question I think the president will have a chance to answer now? 
With American military forces nearby and on the ground, we have not used the best trained troops in the world to kill the world's number one criminal and terrorist. 
Look at the 22 million new jobs. 
Just a mask. 
with the Russians and other foreign powers. 
One of the things I think that really frustrates people is that so often political campaigns seem to be more about politicians who run than people. 
But because the leadership of this government has not followed sound policies, we have been humiliated and our opponents are stronger. 
He has often digested important issues in allegations of blush and brain washing and fixations on lust and Playboy. 
That's why I'm contacting Perot's voters. 
What about a woman? 
It's on a website. 
GORE: Jim, one of the issues I would like to address in my statement is education, because it is an example of the global approach that I think is important. 
But more importantly... BIDEN: It's -- there's just the facts... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: That's what politicians do when they don't have a record to run: try to scare people from voting for you. 
We will face new challenges in the next four years. 
Charlie, thank you. 
That is to say to the American people, as the president said last Thursday, and the vice president continues to say tonight, that things are going well in Iraq, contrary to what the people who have been there have seen, including Republican leaders, contrary to what everyone in America sees on television every day -- Americans being kidnapped, people beheaded, parts of the country under the control of insurgents, even today, under the control of the insurgents. 
Republicans cut spending by $53 billion, which is why the budget seemed good. 
You add all the states that used instant control and how many weapons they keep, kept out of the hands of criminals. 
If you notice that in all this proposal, the honourable senator -- the government wants -- Senator Obama wants the government to do the job. 
And he goes to Pennsylvania, and he says, "Oh, we're gonna get fracturing." And you never asked that question. 
How we can prevent greenhouse gases from emitting. 
I brought the football back. 
BIDEN: Gwen, I hope we'll come back to education because I don't know any government program that John supports, not early education, more money for that. 
I think if you look at the record and the impressions of the American people -- Bob, your network has just conducted a poll, showing that two thirds of the Americans think that Senator McCain is running a negative campaign against one third of mine. 
Because they use our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries do the same g. o we lose our good jobs, so many of them. 
He reportedly eliminated the AmeriCorps plan and reduced student loans and scholarships. 
You have 90 seconds. 
Once again, you bought a seat in the first row and got a third-order performance. 
If you were president... 
It promotes this maintenance of supply or production controls. 
Mr. WARREN: Senator Kennedy, in your brief speech a few minutes ago, you mentioned agricultural surpluses. 
Even though I have always opposed the legalization of drugs all my public life and I have worked hard against them. 
How can we prevent attacks? 
A promise made will be a promise kept if I have the chance to become your president. 
Every one of those articles I said he was wrong. He was wrong. 
This is the fundamental economy. 
Now, there are people in this room and people on this scene who were in meetings when I sat there and said, "Is this the one we're going to talk about or do something about?" 
He also stated that Saddam Hussein would have been stronger. 
If you think that everything that is done today is satisfactory, that the relative power, prestige and strength of the United States are increasing compared to that of the Communists; that we have gained more security, that we are reaching everything as a nation that we should achieve, that we are achieving a better life for our citizens and a greater strength, then I agree. I think you should vote for Mr. Nixon. 
But I think we should have a consistent economic policy with at least - at least the President of the Federal Reserve Council and the President's terms of office being - the same and leaving Congress, of course, the third entity with, uh, independence subject to the veto of the President. 
And I'd say to the Reform Party, look at the Republican Party. 
That was the key legislation at the time and put us on the road to the elimination of this issue of nuclear waste and nuclear fuel that needs to be addressed. 
At the same time, in our Judeo-Christian tradition, we recognize the right to take a human life in self-defence. 
That was Senator McCain's judgment and it was the wrong judgment. 
We're going to make big trade agreements. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President. 
Yes, so I agree with him that we have a lot of flexibility in this, and we will do what we need to do to administer very properly the plans that are necessary for this n.d. it is my executive experience that is in part to be attributed to my choice as Vice-President. with McCain, not only as governor, but earlier as mayor, as regulator of oil and gas, as business owner. 
First of all, I do not see how it is possible for a third of an organ, as Republicans have in the House and Senate to stop two thirds, if two thirds are properly directed. 
But I know that putting artificial deadlines will not work. 
PENCE: But for me, I would tell you that for me the holiness of life stems from the belief that — this ancient principle that — where God says before you were formed in the belly, I knew you, and therefore for my first time in public life, I sought to remain with great compassion for the holiness of life. 
This is the biggest turning point in the country's history. 
And I'm sure, in fact, we're going to do the job. 
I think it should be a state option. 
If over the next five minutes a television advertiser came and said there was a major international crisis -- there is a major threat to the world or in this country a major threat -- my question is, who, if you were appointed to name us, who would you choose? 
Now, with regard to DOMA and marriage laws, States have always been able to manage these laws. 
In each of these cases, the Ford administration has failed, and I hope tonight that Mr Ford and I will have an opportunity to discuss the reasons for these failures. 
He promised tax reductions on average incomes. We have reduced taxes for 15 million families and our plan to reduce taxes for all middle-income families has been waiting for action in Congress for the past two years. 
We don't have an inspection. 
Then why take the risk of these refugees entering the country? 
Work. 
For the first opening statement, this is Vice-President Nixon. 
I can't clear my throat in 90 seconds. 
To those of you in the public who are business people: quite simple. 
CLINTON: You even brought a right-wing MP to the White House to plot how to attack me for going to Russia in 1969-1970, when more than 50,000 other Americans did. 
I mean, "compassionate conservator," what does that mean? 
And Dukakis and Bentsen will commit to it. 
[Applause] And the other thing I think is important... TRUMP: It would be wasted, too, believe me. 
But this cannot hide the fact that there are eight million unemployed men and women in America today, and two million of them have lost their jobs in recent months. 
We want them to have adequate medical care. 
He didn't. 
I vetoed this bill because it further reduced the health insurance system and was fundamentally at risk of breaking the system. 
In my opinion, the people who have been working at the FBI for a long time are furious. 
Will it be a nightmare world threatened by the proliferation of atomic bombs, not only in five large countries, but also in dozens of small countries that have been allowed to develop atomic weapons because of the inability of our leaders to stop proliferation? 
Really? 
And I tried to list the 12-year qualifications in the U.S. Congress. 
I don't think we should join this. 
People don't feel safe at home. 
If he let the inspectors do their job and continue, we wouldn't have 10 times the number of forces in Iraq we have in Afghanistan chasing Osama bin Laden. 
I mean, to take into account the point of view — and I know that Senator Kaine, you personally have opinions in favor of life — but the very idea that a child who is almost born in the world could still have their lives on them is only anathema to me. 
And what I said, because free trade - the trade agreement itself has labour and environmental protections, but we have to defend human rights and we have to make sure that violence is not perpetrated against workers who are just trying to organize for their rights, which is why, for example, I supported the Peruvian free trade agreement, which was a well-structured agreement. 
And I... look, I'm all in favor of green energy. 
He has never supported any of these arms control agreements — the limited test ban, SALT I, nor the Antiballist Missile Treaty, nor the Vladivostok Treaty negotiated with the Soviet Union by President Ford — and he now wants to throw into the basket a treaty to control nuclear weapons on a balanced and equal basis between us and the Soviet Union, negotiated over a period of seven years, by myself and my two Republican predecessors. 
Mr. Perot. 
We have developed partnerships across the region to combat extremism in Somalia, Yemen and Pakistan. 
There is no doubt that we have other problems with Iran. 
Mr. Anderson. 
That's why. 
We need real reforms for a real recovery and that is exactly what Mitt Romney and I are proposing. 
And it is exactly the kind of descending economy that will not work if we want a strong middle class and an economy that strives for everyone. 
I wasn't misleading when I said he was a threat. 
CLINTON: ...about a potential nuclear -- nuclear competition in Asia, you said, you know, move on, have fun, people. 
Because China is also interested in the outcome. 
And we will continue to put very strong pressure on North Koreans and Iranians as well. 
And we can get those weapons at the same time as we have China. 
-- we are those who are led by talented directors and dedicated teachers, and they run their own show. 
The FBI and Homeland Security said we couldn't find out. 
We should insist on access. 
But I will tell the Americans directly that I do not agree to define marriage as anything, except between a man and a woman, and I think that through the nuances we can go around what it really means. 
I think that's where we started. 
And I think there's a constructive job going on there. 
He voted against. 
The Kurds were our best partners in Syria, as well as in Iraq. 
Now I have to say what Mr Nixon wants to do is to commit ourselves - as I understand it, so that we can be clear if there is a disagreement - that we should be committed to defending these islands simply as the defence of these islands as a free territory, not as part of the defence of Formosa. 
That is what the Constitution calls. 
And so I still don't know if he's for or against the tax increase. 
If the Romney-Ryan ticket is elected, should those who believe that abortion should remain legal be worried? 
I think the greatest possibilities of our country, our dreams and our hopes, are there waiting for us to catch them. 
In the Senate, I was one of only ten Democrats, along with Senator Joe Lieberman, to support Governor Bush's father in the resolution of the Persian Gulf War. 
And our eighth grade students number one in English and also in math. 
They withdrew from the non-proliferation agreement. 
The link that has been made again between the deficit and interest rates -- there is no link between them. 
How are you going to bring back the industries that have left this country for cheaper work abroad? 
We can do this by reducing federal taxes, as I proposed about a year ago, when I asked for a tax reduction of $28 billion, three-quarters of them for private taxpayers and one-quarter for the business sector. 
It wasn't a popular cause. 
Susan, thank you. 
No other state program does. 
They didn't tell anyone. 
(LAUGHTER) BUSH: But history will go back, and I am fully prepared to accept any mistake that history judges my administration, because the president makes the decisions, the president has to take responsibility. 
We have a different relationship. 
And here's what we can do. 
He's just afraid to count the votes because. That's what I said. 
But what you can do is create a fair playing field, and that's what I'm talking about. 
I believe that until someone can establish that the unborn child is not a living human being, then this child is already protected by the Constitution, which guarantees life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness for all of us. 
And said we shouldn't. 
And I believe it is emblematic of the prayers and concern that have opened the door to all Americans affected by the coronavirus. 
And so, the answer to your question is: When our general is on the ground and Ambassador Negroponte tells me that Iraq is ready to defend itself against these terrorists, that elections will have been held by then, that their stability and that they are on the way, you know, to a nation that is free; that is then. 
CLINTON: And she's become an American citizen, and you can bet... TRUMP: Oh, really? 
The Secretary of Defense himself said it would be a suicide mission if it were built. 
I'm glad to hear tonight that he suggests I've had some experience. 
And what happened was that the CIA, in the last attack, had given information to our administration about the real threats that this embassy was going to be bombed. 
One of you is about to be elected leader of the most powerful nation in the world, economically, financially, militarily, diplomatically, you call it. 
Guess what? 
What is your concept of national interest? 
We have restored much of our economy. 
You respect the American people when you have the courage to be a leader – 
They have dedicated themselves... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: ...to wipe a whole country from the map. 
We believe in our democracy. 
But, Peter, there are so many who are entering a completely different phase of things. 
KEMP: Before I answer that, Jim, let me say that it's shameful, the campaign to scare senior Americans, in this state and my state of origin in New York and California, about Medicare. 
But let me ask you this. 
And I don't want him to say a serious threat. 
And then we had a recession and we were attacked, which cost us 1 million jobs. 
Today, two of ISIS's killers responsible for the murder of Kayla Mueller were brought to justice in the United States. 
Let them out of this China thing, and then he looks — the family, around the table, everything. 
Who's the best person to handle the money? 
Mr. SMITH: Mr.Governor, I have to interrupt you at that time. 
SCHIEFFER: Mr.Speaker, I want to go back to what Senator Kerry said earlier this evening and ask for follow-up. 
I would like to thank both of you for an hour and a half very robust, a fantastic debate. 
You must know that the American character displayed in these dungeons by these beautiful men was a thing of beauty. 
Of course, it doesn't come out of the wage tax. 
He noted a few, but there are others. 
I can't even pronounce it. 
So, we are now about to have a potentially much better economy, but the last thing we need to do is go back to the policies that failed us in the first e. t. experts examined what I proposed and examined what Donald proposed, and basically they said this, that if his tax plan, which would blow up the debt by more than 5 trillion dollars and in some cases would disadvantage middle class families compared to the rich, would come into force, we would lose 3.5 million jobs and could have another recession. 
Let me start with the numbers. 
Senator Obama, your argument to defend the leadership of your party is not very convincing. 
Defence industries will have to convert to civilian industries. 
And frankly, we must consider the risks to our young men and women in uniform. 
And a so reckless, so reckless and false comment, again, hurts our cause. 
One of the problems, I think, at the time of South Korea was whether the United States would defend it if they were attacked. 
I'm against quotas, they're illegal. 
But I have defined the questions and I am not going to let Governor Dukakis pass this election without explaining some of these very liberal positions, he is a traditional Liberal Progressive Liberal Democrat. 
I have no doubt of his personal generosity. 
You, Governor Palin, said you would like to see a clear plan for an exit strategy. 
Mr Spivak with a question for Vice-President Nixon. 
BENTSEN: Well, I think you see once again a democratic law that was passed to try to protect the workers and women of America. 
Senator Kennedy must, as a candidate - like me as a candidate in fifty-two - criticize us when we are wrong. 
Wasn't the government surprised by this break? 
They speak well at election time, like now, and after the elections, they said, later, I'll see you in four years. 
He didn't do anything about it. 
And I don't have any foreign money in my campaign. 
Because you are the ones who have the most time to pay taxes, the hardest time to make ends meet. 
They didn't tell us they wanted more security there. 
And in these arenas, John McCain already hit me and told me that's where I want you, I want you to drive. 
And I think you know I've been opposed to the death penalty for the rest of my life. 
These are the blurred math figures gathered by a group working for the campaign. 
And finally, we were parties to the convention - working with Germany, France and Great Britain to send their foreign ministers to Iran. 
Governor Clinton, you have a minute. 
Now you have made employment your number one priority and you have said that you are committed to a drastic reduction in unemployment. 
The only reason this doesn't happen is because Governor Romney's allies in Congress held the 98 percent hostage because they want tax relief for the top 2 percent. 
Employers understand that. 
And I made a good selection. 
Most of these factors are due to regulations that either interfere with mining or prevent it from burning: 
When we educate our children - good Lord, they will be able to compete in a global economy and it makes us stronger and it is a patriotic act. 
I don't intend to fade. 
STOCKDALE: I think the business areas are good, but I think the problem is deeper than that. 
I love America just as you love America. 
You're following the order a little bit... 
With the end of the cold war, everyone agrees that there will be major cuts. 
We didn't think I could commit. 
We had the opportunity to express our differences on the commitment to allegiance here tonight and on the condemnation of the king of drugs and that kind of thing. 
It would have destroyed the Californian economy and, I must say, we had the support of Congress when we stressed how ridiculous this attempt was on the part of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
The Bible says that no greater love has a man than he has given his life. 
For years, they ran on this platform. 
When are you going to stop using our taxes to shut down American factories and move them to foreign countries and throw the Americans out of work? 
We lost 53,000 Americans. 
So it increases the cost. 
Under Vice-President Gore's plan, he will grow the federal government in the strongest increase since Lyndon Baines Johnson in 1965. 
I'm very proud of him. 
The fundamental decision of the Supreme Court is that each person must render that judgment in his or her own life, and that is how it was done. 
This does not mean that we are pro-abortion; in fact, we believe that there are far too many abortions in this country. 
You want to talk about it? 
With clean coal. 
I'm talking about financial aid and that kind of thing for other countries, poor countries. 
These are the types of elements of a national health insurance, important for the American people. 
Teddy Roosevelt used to talk about the arena, you know, boldly failing or succeeding, no matter what. 
We've increased the funds. 
Young people say I'm going to do something good for my country. 
HARRIS: That's – that's absolutely not true – 
And I want to reassure our allies in Japan, South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defence treaties and that we will honour m. t. is essential that America's word be good. 
But I want to highlight one point for all Americans tonight. 
Now I'm all for other forms of energy, including wind, including solar, et cetera. 
I think it's starting with Washington. 
REAGAN: Georgie Anne, we, believe me, have strongly supported Bill Simpson-Mazzoli -- and the bill that came out of the Senate. 
Math doesn't work, but he keeps pretending he's gonna do it. 
If you are president, how will you begin to practice what we preach to our children, the future of our nation? 
My plan reduces the rate from 15% to 10% and increases the child credit from $500 to $1,000 to make the code more equitable for everyone, not just a few, not just a handful. 
If we don't win, we'll have to execute him and we'll have Obamacare, but it'll be better. 
LEHRER: How do you see the federal government's responsibility, as I say, to improve the quality of public education in Canada? 
Many of them are now contras. 
Many experts foresee the continuation of chaotic oil prices on the world market. 
Think about it that way. 
And this plan includes accelerating military training. 
Governor, a theme that always evokes how you govern - you both mentioned leadership tonight, so I'd like to stay with it for a second. 
I listened to the rhetoric for two years at the United Nations. 
Good night to Chicago. 
My opponent says he has a plan; it sounds familiar, because it's called the Bush plan. 
There are different ideas -- the Bush Plan, the Perot Plan, the Clinton Plan -- we have different ideas. 
President Trump has repeatedly refused to commit himself to a peaceful transfer of power after the elections. 
You know my opinion of North Korea. 
Of course, we must work together, and, of course, it is vital that we do so and help these young women who face such a difficult decision, with compassion, that we help them with the adoption services, with the courage to bring this child into this world and help them take care of it. 
If you do not control the health care costs of the entire system, you cannot take control of it. 
He's a man whose plan excludes 50 million Americans. 
They'll come back to Afghanistan when we go. 
And my plan says why don't you pass 1.3 trillion of that to the people who pay the bills? 
I'll give them $5,000 to take them wherever they want, and that'll give them an affordable price. 
The flu kills thousands of people every year. 
Outsourcing will happen. 
And 300,000 jobs a month are created. 
And when I talked to those former gang members, here's what they told me about why they joined the gang. 
Colin Powell was on it. 
Your campaigns have accepted the rules for tonight's debate with the Presidential Debates Committee. 
Merci, Dorothy. 
We have a deficit. 
And there's no better man in the world to do that than that old artist, Ross Perot. 
I'll release them as soon as I can. 
And if I ever said, "This is the bad war at the wrong time in the wrong place," the troops would wonder, how can I follow this guy? 
Eastern Europe KALB: A related issue, Mr Mondale, on Eastern Europe. 
And now join me in welcoming President Bush and Senator Kerry with great respect. 
But we must also continue to understand how we have energy efficiency, because that is ultimately how we will reduce demand and that is what will keep gas prices down. 
And I just think that should be stressed. 
But what I would do is name people on the federal bench who will not legislate on the bench, who will interpret the Constitution. 
What do Chinese communists want? 
The reason I'm talking about it is because he proposed $2.2 trillion in new spending, and he says he's going to tax the rich to close the tax gap. 
But we always gather and are always there for each other in need. 
the damage he suffered at his own party. 
Finally, you were forced to remove them under fire, and now Syria, a Soviet ally, is dominant in the country. 
Joe Biden never fought. 
He doubled it in almost eight years, seven and a half years, to be semi-exact. 
Because they understand that our soldiers are out there under the president. 
It will increase revenues for the federal government, and it will create jobs. 
MCCain: Well, let me give you an example of what Senator Obama considers unacceptable, namely, the business tax. 
Millions and millions of Americans. 
I went through the end of World War II, and the surprise beginning of Korea, to see how we -- it cost us more money because we exceeded the defence budget in the first place. 
Can you tell us why you think you are? 
We have too many divorces. 
Mr. Perot, just a minute, sir. 
But as we respect someone's rights and profess tolerance, we should not change - or have to change - our fundamental views on the sanctity of marriage. 
Of the nine million people who have been working in new jobs since I was in the office, 1. 
The best America. 
Their younger son, Roderick, is in second grade in the same high school as Don McNeil. Roderick fears that he will not be able to get the courses he needs to go to college when the time comes. 
50 million Americans are not getting any tax relief under its plan. 
GORE: Are you for what the Supreme Court says is a constitutional way of taking positive action? 
But I have common sense. 
The average cost of a health care plan in America today is $5,800. 
We don't want him back. 
They could borrow the money and repay it as a percentage of their income or with a few years of service to our nation here at home. 
Our thoughts and prayers go to the lion of the Senate. 
Some people think it's a security issue, as you know. 
Trust me. 
We're going to reform our army. 
By dealing with terrorists, yes, we want to respond, but only if we can blame those responsible and not endanger the lives of innocent civilians in the various communities and in the city of Beirut where these terrorists operate. 
But don't erode the thousand points of light from the system. 
Let's take some hospitals. 
And the historical book of the fall of the Tsar and the coming of Leninism, combining these three books together, gave me a better appreciation of the challenges we have before us. 
That is why I repeat to all of you who have to deal with your domestic budgets and who know how difficult it is for the next president to do the same. 
The important thing for us is that we are a democracy and that we are defended by volunteers. 
I went to the Philippines as Vice-President, insisted on human rights, called for the release of Aquino, and made some progress that had been blocked at the Subic and Clark airfield bases. 
The president blocked him. 
Yes, I did. 
We just have a different approach. 
New York is taxed for money that then goes to Detroit. 
Are you going to pursue social security and health insurance, student assistance and the disabled again as you did last time? 
LEHRER: I have a lot to do here... Senator Obama does not understand the difference between tactics and strategies. 
We need to have more second chance programs. 
Your five seconds left a long time ago. 
You would have been a lot later, Joe, much later. 
I'd like to tell you a little story. 
So racial profiling is not just a problem in local police forces. 
All right, Vice President Biden and then we'll move on to the next section. 
That is how it should work, give more power to the states and return to the citizens to the taxpayers, not always the long arm of the federal government. 
Harry Truman -- QUAYLE: Do you remember the last time someone compared himself to Jack Kennedy? 
I don't think so." 
Hillary Clinton's first priority when she became Secretary of State was Russian reset, Russian reset. 
I want to make sure you sit down, Governor Romney. 
The Palestinian system must be reformed. 
The older people, the less healthy people, what's going to happen is that you're going to be the only ones left in your employer-based system, your employers won't be able to afford it. 
KAINE: The last thing — the last thing I want to ask Governor Pence is... PENCE: I do. 
Let's talk about it separately. 
We're going to build alliances. 
He entered the Bob Jones on the side of the separate academies. 
And they want an American foreign policy that leads to a safer world. 
This meant that 46% of your people who had registered had no reason to register. 
That's just not true. 
That's where he was when he took office. 
And when I arrived, we had one of the highest homicide rates in the United States. 
And I want to go back to something I said before. 
Just very briefly. 
All this speech -- we saved a million jobs. 
Everybody doesn't care. 
And he literally tells communities, reinventing schools, not just bricks and mortar, but the program and everything else. 
And, therefore, his constant model throughout his career is to fight for the little guy. 
It's not a wish. 
Here's what we're saying: give young people, when they become eligible for health insurance, guaranteed coverage options that you can't be denied, including traditional health insurance. 
If there are not many jobs, if there are not the types of policies that will improve the formation of seed corn, oxygen and capital that would allow this company not only to retain this profit, but to invest it. 
And we have learned this especially through this year's difficulties. 
In this segment, because of the pressure of time, there will be no refutations, and there will be no follow-up questions. 
Mr. Vice President? 
The government has nothing to do with this. 
We would like to welcome you to the University of Washington in Saint-Louis for the second presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, sponsored by the Presidential Debate Commission. 
On the one hand, you have Joe Biden, who was responsible with President Barack Obama for the Affordable Care Act, who provided health care to more than 20 million Americans and protected people with pre-existing conditions and what he also did is he saved those families, who otherwise were bankrupt because of hospital bills they couldn't afford. 
In our first debate, he proposed that America take a global test. 
And you really have to pay attention to words. 
We will have to ensure that the Iraqi government begins to assume more responsibility, to withdraw our troops responsibly over time, because we will have to put additional troops in Afghanistan. 
I just told him about Israel, although we didn't talk about it much. 
When I spoke to the doctor, the second time he was fine, it disappeared. 
In January 1975, he requested a tax change: an increase of $5.6 billion for low- and middle-income individuals, a decrease of $6.5 billion for corporations and special interest. 
And they said no because they received a note from one of their political advisors saying that they should rather characterize everything we did as a big government and make sure that nothing was done to help health care before the 1994 election so that they could make that claim. 
It is important to examine all our developments in Iraq in the wider context of the world war against terrorism. 
What can you offer them in the future, in your next term? 
I think we put a lot on the police's shoulders. 
And this withdrawal is the result of any successful counter-insurgency. 
Well, don't take every four minutes then. 
He wanted to give people rights. 
The most affected are women and people of colour. 
You're in more trouble than you used to be. 
We won't make planes in this country in 10 years if we let things go like this. 
But now, less than a third of our people can afford to buy their own house. 
This is a very, very difficult and fundamental decision that we all have to make. 
Number three, I'm going to bring us to a balanced budget. 
And that's the result of that stupid idea that was prepared in the basement of the White House. 
We'll give you all the equipment you need. 
These are all the things we put in the democratic platform for the first time this year, and I think that is where we can find common ground, because no one is pro-abortion. 
Now we can do better. 
Lloyd Bentsen and I are optimistic, and so is the American people. 
Now, maybe that explains why he didn't fully fund the VA and VA hospital has problems and veterans complain. 
And that's why I think families need to be strengthened, and you don't strengthen the American family by increasing taxes. 
90 milliards de dollars. 
You have made it very clear that you would not provide the government's assistance to U.S. automobile companies, even if they went bankrupt. 
There are independent hacking groups that do so mainly for commercial reasons to try to steal information that they can then use to do y.t. increasingly, we see cyberattacks from states, state organs. 
TRUMP: There are not a hundred million people with pre-existing conditions. 
And you have to make decisions even if it's against your own interest. 
Some people would like to eliminate OSHA. 
And I would be the first to say that what the Vice-President described a few minutes ago, problems with premiums for professional misconduct, it's true, it's real. 
But you're absolutely right, it's a threat, it's a huge threat. 
We ask the public at the Convention Centre here to respect a basic rule. 
Its influence is strong enough today to prevent us from bringing the other Latin American countries to join us in economic quarantine. 
As far as the veto on tax bills is concerned, you are right. 
President, please. 
The President's term of office is limited to two, a total of eight years. 
All of this is therefore possible. 
I know he wants to refuse it. 
Teddy Roosevelt said he was walking softly -- talking softly, but wearing a big stick. 
I would therefore send two to three additional brigades to Afghanistan. 
Read these debates. 
I want to have a strong hand when it comes to the United States in world affairs. 
Thank you, Vice-President Pence – 
The president joins the electricity companies, the oil companies, the pharmaceutical companies. 
We relied on the Eisenhower Doctrine for the Middle East, which passed the Senate. 
Let me tell you what I'm gonna do. 
But can you do it without driving further... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: The good news is (inaudible). 
Have you been tested? 
When a bat hits you over your head, it's not an idea. 
The end of our 90 minutes last week in Boston, the total time each of you took was almost the same. 
And we're starting our interrogation with Mr. 
There's a tax gap. 
What will you do to reduce costs and improve coverage? 
You also have a situation where you talk about credibility. 
I say, well, it's not as hard as the Second World War and it's not as hard as the revolution. 
I like policies that will encourage farmers to set aside land for conservation purposes as well. 
Then let's admit it. 
Lester, I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just the police. 
Children's safety trigger locks on a mandatory basis, and others. 
that the federal grants that come with. 
And I would quote Dan Quayle again. 
That's what we need more, Candy. 
If he continues, he will be Joe Isuzu of American politics. 
Because bad things happen in Philadelphia. 
Civil rights groups have repeatedly complained about the lack of progress and commitment to an integrated society during your administration. 
The American people are moving again, and moving in the right direction. 
It's not soothing. 
This is what the governors should do. 
I took them. 
We have to try it. 
Trump, I... CLINTON: I think I think Donald just criticized me to prepare for this debate. 
We thank the candidates, the commission, the University of Washington, and all those who looked. 
The financial system had frozen. 
The other candidate will have a minute and a half to refute. 
I think what I'd like to talk about for a minute, since you're asking the question, is General Motors' problem. 
In fact, they were given a date to appear at their hearing. 
And we had an initiative that we were working on to increase women's pay. 
If you think I'm a spoiler, consider these facts: Do you really think our economy is healthy? 
I know what it's like in dark times. 
Now we offer to lift the ban on such goods if they let our people go home. 
I'm gonna keep pushing him on ANWR. 
Hon.LeHRER: Do you see the same connections as Senator McCain? 
And all his donors, or most of his donors. 
You can't do that and you expect to win the war against terror. 
It's just a tragedy in a nation so prosperous that ours, that the last four years have been so difficult. 
I think he's a good person. 
You know, they reacted so quickly, so professionally to the attacks that took place by Rahami. 
And as I told you, there will be a summit of Arab nations. 
We will be able to create jobs like Japan and Germany are planning to do now, if we have the courage to leave. 
Notre force relative augmente - t - elle? 
But deterrence - and that is why it is - is also what led me to propose what is now called the Star Wars concept, but we propose that we seek to see if there is not a defensive weapon that could defend itself against incoming missiles. 
This president never vetoed a bill; the first president in a hundred years not to do so. 
But as we learned in the same report I mentioned, Saddam Hussein was playing the oil-for-food programme to get rid of sanctions. 
I think we need to exercise tax restraint. 
I would have made a better choice. 
The assessment of national intelligence that was given to the President in July said, better scenario, more the same as we see today; worse scenario, civil war. 
I've been in Congress for fourteen years. 
STOCKDALE: I know that -- I read where Senator Gore's mentor did not agree with some of the scientific data in his book. 
How will the increase in taxes help the consumer in America? 
He wants a social medicine. 
We have these things called aircraft carriers, where the planes land on them. 
It's a good idea, they saw it, they picked it up and put it in theirs, but it's only temporary. 
But since they have not yet been willing to recognize Kostunica as the legitimate winner of the election, I am not sure that it is right for us to invite the President of Russia to mediate this -- this dispute there because we may not like the results that result. 
When the audit is over, I will. 
It's just words, guys. 
We think that's the wrong way to do it. 
The world is safer without Saddam Hussein. 
Let's see the facts. 
You say that the Constitution is clear as to your obligation and senators to consider a candidate for the Court. 
I think I know what this country should be. 
And the law that says that deposits that are made in a community, in the city centers say, should be kept in the community, not entirely, but a certain percentage of them should be kept there. 
But whether I agree or disagree with an individual, or what he can say, or how he can say it, I don't think there is any way to suggest that because people believe in God and go to church, they should not want to reflect these people and the causes they support, their own belief in morality, and in the high traditions and principles that we have so abandoned in this country. 
We know that freedom is a powerful, powerful and powerful force, much greater than the United States of America, as we have seen recently in the Balkans. 
So this -- it's not -- it's not the kind of policy you want to have if you want to get America's energy safely. 
I came to Washington to solve problems. 
Is that Ann? 
I think we should have a character education in our schools. 
HARRIS: But I want to talk about the connection between what Joe and I are going to do and my file, which includes – I was the first state officer to demand that my agents wear body cameras and keep them full-time. 
Again, it is important to put the situation in perspective. 
If I am in charge of the presidency, here are the choices I will make. 
None of them are ever implemented because -- let me give you an example. 
If you're middle-income, you're about where you were. 
We can only bring 4,000 to 5,000 in South Korea. 
This means that local law enforcement officials need assistance at the federal level. 
ROMNEY: I couldn't agree more about the future, but I certainly don't want to go back to the policies of the last four years. 
That is the reason for my campaign and I am not going to raise taxes in the way Senator Obama wants to increase taxes in a difficult economy. 
NIXON: Well, I think we should be under no illusion about what the responsibilities of the American people will be in the 1960s. 
One of you - and you will have two minutes - and, Mr. President Obama, you have the first chance to do so - would be willing to say that an attack on Israel is an attack on the United States, which, of course, is the same promise we give to our close allies like Japan. 
We must certainly maintain a commitment there. 
And the terrorists came and fired at the polling places; as soon as they left, the voters returned and aligned and were not denied the right to vote. 
We have seen premature births that are now adults, happy people moving. 
We won't make such mistakes. 
Or will we have a world of peace with the threat of atomic weapons eliminated, with full trade, with our people at work, controlled inflation, openness to government, our people proud once again, Congress, citizens, the President, the Secretary of State working in harmony and unity towards a common future? 
Everyone in your administration. 
I have just signed a bill to strengthen our ability to deal with this terrorist problem with our allies. 
And finally in this period of 90 days before the inauguration, set up the framework for the town hall and give the American people a Christmas gift. 
And if so, again you have to look at the maturity of the judgment, and you have to look at the extent of the experience. 
It's not a dunk slam. 
But they did not, because they are led by radical left-wing democrats. 
I don't agree with that. 
Kristen, when he says... 
But I am simply extremely grateful and was more than, more than a little moved by the wide and bipartisan support. 
If we can simply exploit the intelligence and abilities, common sense and good judgment of the American people, we can once again have a foreign policy to make ourselves proud instead of shame. 
Which of these promises will you keep and what will you break, Governor? 
Every time you do this, inevitably the dictator is encouraged to try again. 
And you're right. 
It is extremely expensive, kills all birds, it is very intermittent. 
The charge was that it was socialized medicine. 
I agree with that. 
And people around our country, every race, every age, every sex – perfect strangers to each other – walked side by side, arms and arms, fighting for us to finally achieve this ideal of equality of justice under the law. 
I think we should give seniors more options. 
They said that. 
So what I want to do is focus on early childhood education, providing teachers with higher salaries in return for increased support. 
I'm not going to raise taxes. 
The President of the United States indicated that they were not in the treaty area. 
And that means something in this group. 
I think we need to do much more with our technology companies to prevent ISIS and its agents from using the Internet to radicalize or even lead people in our country, in Europe and elsewhere. 
We focus our tax reduction on the middle class in the areas they tell us they need them. 
We come back and look at the health plan he wanted to impose on the American people. 
Realizing that you may be just as reluctant to speak ill of your opponent, may I ask why people should not vote for your opponent, why his presidency could be detrimental to the nation, and after examining both your opponent's file and the man himself, could you tell us his greatest weakness? 
But the fact is, we're going to help the Americans join it. 
People around the word follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get advice on what we're going to do. 
It's time, Mr. Trump. 
Follow-up, Mr. Ellis? 
It was a promise for less government, less taxes and more freedom for the people. 
We lead and we will have to continue to lead, but do so according to our conditions when our interests are at stake and not when someone whistles at the United Nations. 
We need to step up trade; we need to step up technical assistance so that people trained in these new developing countries can exploit the economy. 
In Egypt, we were on the side of democracy. 
The human will for freedom, the determination of these people to vote, was incredible. 
General Colin Powell said the same thing, he feared that the initiative would remove additional effort programs. 
- You bet. 
WALLACE: And this will put an end to private insurance and create a government takeover of health care. 
Trump... and that's a big problem. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: It's the height of the radiance... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: Leave -- let -- let... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: I never said I'm going to liquidate... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ...at the record. 
I said that we would change the way social well-being works, and even before the bill was passed, we had moved nearly two million people from social well-being to work, working with states and communities. 
I forgot. 
There will be democracy in Afghanistan, no doubt. 
PENCE: But, look, if you're gonna be critical of me on this, it's just game. 
If we succeed in our efforts to gain your trust and lead this nation, we will work together to put our country back on track. 
It's money in your pocket. 
The President just set aside the Utah National Monument. 
People understand, Joe. 
And we are still on the issue of prosperity. 
Congress maintained forty-two vetoes. 
TRUMP: Because he said it is a possibility that we will have the answer before November 1. 
The elements of government through these tax incentives For example, a company that would not, for some time, have an increase in property tax reflecting its development of the unused property it was making would not be a loss to the city because the city does not get tax from that now. 
I'd like you to defend this even more. 
22 million new jobs, very low unemployment at national level. 
We shouldn't be using food. 
I want to follow... TRUMP: Chris, I think it's... WALLACE: Okay. TRUMP: I think I should answer that. 
I had a computer printed. 
GORE: Well, the economy is growing very strongly right now. 
Now, the first thing we're trying to do is create a million jobs in the cities in the centre of this country, with tax credits for employers who hire people who are now unemployed. 
GORE: The difference is that I want to bring him to 100% and he wants to bring him to 5%. 
Our dollar is at any time low in relation to certain foreign currencies. 
Two of them, Rob and Reed, were paralyzed. 
The number of warheads would be impossible to verify by satellite, with the exception of the on-site inspection, and the production of a weapon would be impossible to verify. 
And Georgia and Ukraine are two major energy gateways to Europe. 
The great struggle will be to prevent Castro's influence from spreading to other countries - Mexico, Panama, Bolivia, Colombia. 
We need to reform health care to help you, as well as your budget. 
Yes, President Carter, the question of war and peace, a central issue in this campaign. 
Joyce Cleamer ? 
You cannot tell me that anyone who uses beans rather than meat in the United States - and there are twenty-five million of them, according to Mr. Benson - is well fed or sufficiently fed. 
So, Mr. Trump... TRUMP: And we should move on to much bigger and much bigger things. 
You have a choice. 
Name a law enforcement group that has supported you. 
It won't be without pain. 
You've been there more than the two of us together. 
In addition to what he also wants to do in terms of eliminating estate tax, what he wants to do in terms of corporations, changes in the tax code, it costs about $5 trillion. 
I still have a few minutes left. 
And now it seems that this campaign is heading towards a finished photo. 
I want to talk about the fact that you're the one who talked about the super-predator words about black youth. 
Mr. CHENEY: Gwen, you're right, four years ago in this debate, the subject was raised. 
Welcome, President Ford. 
I'm being checked by the IRS. 
So we say we don't cut the army off with a trillion dollars. 
There are very few differences in the budget I have proposed and in the Republican budget over the next six years. 
So if we pull it out and throw it out, what Donald isn't telling you is that we're going back to the insurance companies as before, and that means that the insurance companies... COOPER: Secretary Clinton... CLINTON: ... do about everything they want, including saying, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you have cancer, your child has asthma... COOPER: Your time is up. 
We don't understand that. 
And I think it's part of being a human being. 
I think if you're going to be pro-life, you should — you should be pro-adoption. 
No one called for the invasion of Pakistan. 
There is no evidence of this. 
It was also a mistake, and it cost thousands of jobs to American workers in the Midwest and throughout the United States of America. 
I want us to have the largest job program since the Second World War, jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. 
Under this administration, we have also tended to separate European countries, thinking that if they are separated, we can dominate them and continue our secret diplomatic efforts, of the Lone Ranger type. 
This president has left them in ruins around the world, and we are now 90 per cent of the victims in Iraq and 90 per cent of the costs. 
And I know there's a lot of concern about this in some circles, but I think they should have the equipment they need so that the Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the main way we take Raqqa after driving ISIS out of Iraq. 
Therefore, where would you increase income to grant this tax relief - would you, in fact, remove all business deductions, and with what other types of preferences would you remove? 
And once again, I want to allow all middle-class families to send their children to university and more Pell grants for those in low-income groups too, and then I want to make sure that we have vocational training in addition to that and lifelong learning, but it all starts with teachers in public schools. 
BRUNO: Let's start the discussion period here. 
Like, literally in the middle of a public health pandemic – when more than 210,000 people have died and 7 million people probably have what will be considered a pre-existing condition in the future because you have contracted the virus – Donald Trump is currently in the process of trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. 
President, as you know, there is a new report that in 2016, the year you were elected President, and 2017, your first year as President, that you paid $750 per year in federal income tax each of those years. 
We have never categorically said that we will defend Quemoy and Matsu if he is attacked. 
All possible diplomatic means have been used. 
And at the time, we intercepted a suitcase in a Middle East country with nuclear material. 
There are a million and a half people waiting to adopt children who cannot have them otherwise. 
But I can say that I am committed to the pursuit, and I met last week with the Soviet Union Foreign Minister, and he told me that - the Soviet Union was interested in reducing differences and making a realistic and solid compromise. 
With that, I think we need something else that has been allowed to deteriorate. 
The withdrawal of Russian troops from the Baltics. 
She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was very small. 
Senator Obama? 
We can't move this economy forward. 
And I don't think many people will want to keep what they have today. 
Let me give you a chance to answer. 
Everyone, if it turns out, and I could hire, I notice she said she had a new good accountant. I'd like to have his name and phone number because I think I've paid too much tax. 
And, Tom, I know we have time constraints, but Senator McCain has a lot of things there. 
That says a lot about the character of this nation and the goodness of you, the American people. 
I know the Cuban state as a police state, and all my life I have worked in a way that demonstrates it. 
The fact is that in recent years in Congress, we have faced a lot of opposition to them. 
I hope that Senator Obama will repudiate the words of MP John Lewis, very unfair and totally inappropriate. 
And I can go on. 
I'll tell you what that means. 
And as far as young people are concerned, I have proposals to make sure Medicare and social security are there for them without any question. 
Whether you like these laws or not, you respect them. 
We say we will defend it if it is part of a general attack on Formosa. 
As I said, Susan, the climate is changing. 
You proposed to increase taxes on people who earn more than $250,000 a year. 
He then wants to spend an additional $2,000 billion on military spending that our military does not demand. 
But regulations, you're going to regulate these businesses out of e.n. I'm going around — Lester, I'm telling you this, I've been everywhere. 
In 1983, the Republicans and Democrats left their political swords and, in a bipartite effort, saved the social security system. 
I talked about her earlier. 
They do it to try to influence Donald's election p. w, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow, I don't know the reasons. 
Governor Romney says he was not referring to Arizona as a model for the nation. 
When you board a plane, your bag is X-rayed, but the hold is not X-rayed. 
And by all means, these single-parent families, many of which have unwanted children, are the source of poverty, school drop-outs, crime, which many people in the city centre simply feel uncontrollable. 
Here's what I think, sir. 
One of the reasons I regret is that the fact of making a mistake in detail has interfered several times with the point I was trying to make. 
These questions are perfectly capable of being understood and considered by the American people. 
KENNEDY: Of course, Mr. Nixon is quite incorrect when he says that Congress did not provide more money in fact than the President recommended for national defence. 
Me too. 
When I go there for a second, it's a big deal. 
As far as Ukraine is concerned, we had the whole question of whether, because he was on the board of directors, I later learned from Burisma, a company, that in one way or another I had done something wrong. 
Let me say, on your first question, that I cannot be more proud to be vice-president of a president who has no excuse for the sanctity of human life. 
GORE: Jim, I hope we can come back to the subject of education because the governor has made a long statement about it and I have a very different opinion than he has expressed. 
I just want to say that it is a great honour to represent the voices of America. 
If in one way or another the numbers don't add up, would you be ready to look at another 20 percent... ROMNEY: Of course, they add up. 
Once you have this understanding and mutual respect, then we can transcend differences and embrace the greatest common denominator of the American spirit. 
HOLT: We're in the final question. 
And I think this scheme is a dangerous thing to suggest would work for the oval office. 
You know what his answer was? 
I repeat: you cannot control the costs of health care simply by cutting off health insurance. 
Mr. Vice President. 
Very often, Congress has passed laws in the past to help people with uh - home ownership and crime control and with adequate health care and education programs, and so on. 
I ran one of America's largest prosecutor's offices, one of the top ten. 
FERRARO: Yes, I still find it very difficult to believe because in the platform, that this Republican party passed to Dallas - one of the things they were told that this position on abortion would be a litmus test, not only for the judges of the Supreme Court but for other federal judges. 
In Iraq, he had the idea of dividing Iraq into three countries. 
And I use prayer. 
And these ties -- I want the American people to hear this very clearly. 
And they keep saying that the elections are scheduled, it's gonna happen. 
And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. 
Let me reply with regard to social security. 
And, you know, I just want everyone to go on Google. 
10% of all emissions -- 10% of all emissions of hydrocarbons to air caused by 10% -- 100% of all emissions are caused by 10% of automobiles. 
KAINE: If we — look, a president should take steps to defend the United States against an imminent threat. 
It is the Bush administration that has not had new jobs in the private sector in the last four years. 
The difficulty now is that the course of the president is quite limited. 
President Truman put his veto on average, while he was president, about 38 bills per year. 
And so, I think you should consider doing something about it, and voting for an independent in 1980. 
WALLACE: But, sir, there's... TRUMP: If you look -- excuse me, Chris -- if you look at your lists of electors, you'll see millions of people who are registered to vote -- millions, it's not from me -- it's from the Pew report and other places -- millions of people who are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. 
I have heard a lot of criticism about America, about our national security policy, and all this, and much of this criticism is justified. 
I'm no longer a public official. 
If we can get that right, then we can go in a direction not only of energy independence, but we can create 5 million new jobs across America, including in the heart where we can reuse some of these plants to make these fuel-efficient cars and also to make wind turbines and solar panels, the types of clean energy approaches that should be driving our economy for the next century. 
How much have you cut off permits and permits on federal lands and waters? 
Now, you've done nothing but the crime bill, which put... 
And this will give some people an opportunity, an opportunity to have health care for their children, how many of you at home are worried and roll in bed at night wondering what in God's name will do if you get sick? 
Absolument. 
It was a principle, and it was c.d. I was arguing that it is sometimes difficult to get Congress to do what you want to do and you have to keep working on it. 
And in that case, we can't increase the penalty more than putting these three thugs to death. 
It was a terrorist attack and it took a long time for that to be said to the American people. 
It's... WALLACE: Well, let me... Secretary... CLINTON: It's a false characterization. 
We cannot set aside these regulations. 
But he voted 20 times against financing alternative energy sources. 
With all due respect, Joe, there is a lot of evidence that there has been no bipartite leadership from this administration or from Al Gore. 
I think you'll find someone you might be interested in. 
She's been by for a minute, and you're not stopping her. 
I will never represent a reduction in social security benefits for those who receive them today. 
Can I say something else? 
Two, I can get into this oval office anytime and give him my judgment and he could agree or not. 
KAINE: Governor Pence had to give Donald Trump his tax returns to show that he was qualified to be vice-president. 
I could make a correction to what Governor Carter said, speaking of arms control, yes, that's right, I think the sale of S-Saturday Night Specials should be cut off, but he wants to record the handguns. 
LEHRER: Afghanistan as a leader -- a new one -- a major new issue. 
But I think it's worth it, Jim. 
But the president mentioned the automobile industry and that in one way or another I would be in favour of a job elsewhere. 
We have also faced the new threats of terrorism. 
Helen? 
Second, whether the mission is clear or not. 
Boots on the floor. 
That's really remarkable. 
PENCE: President Donald Trump took us out of the deal, and when Qasim Soleimani went to Baghdad, to hurt the Americans, President Donald Trump took him away. 
The worst part is that, once again, it's a mistake. 
First, we spend at least $60 billion a year on insurance, administrative costs, bureaucracy and government regulation that would not be spent in another country. 
In my view, it is the highest responsibility of the President of the United States to maintain the security of the American people. 
OMAMA: I would now like to make one last point, because Senator McCain mentioned NAFTA and the issue of trade and that has an impact on that issue. 
I think there's a difference. 
And in November 1975, I was the first president to order the executive to take positive measures, measures, through the Commerce Department and other departments of the Cabinet, to ensure that no American businessman or business organization should discriminate against Jews because of an Arab boycott. 
TRUMP: It's such a big question and maybe that's the question I get almost more than anything else, outside the defense. 
I don't have a list yet. 
And judgment is what we seek in the President of the United States of America. 
Not the federal government. 
That's what I did. 
He said, "There were very good people on both sides. "No president has ever said anything like that. 
Yes or no -- GORE: That's a no, isn't it? 
And we have a lot of work to do. 
Listen carefully to what the vice president says. 
You don't say that out loud. 
Andrea, I don't know what George Bush I'm listening to. 
My problem with Governor Clinton, once again, is that once he decides, he sees merit, but he sees a lot of things that are wrong. 
And for you to humiliate their sacrifices hits me like... EDWARDS: Oh, I'm not... CHENEY: ... as beyond... EDWARDS: I'm not humiliating... CHENEY: It's indeed. 
I thought we were gonna have the same time, but maybe I just have to interrupt the other two. 
The downside economy simply does not work. 
And in the area of executive direction, I can say that I believe it is essential that the President of the United States not only set the tone, but also lead; he must act as he speaks. 
He still refuses to tell Putin anything about the premium on the heads of American soldiers. 
I think you need to look at it. 
Right of veto -- there is a good reform agenda for you. 
Our nation has a solemn duty to defeat this ideology of hatred. 
But investing in businesses? 
Absolument. 
[se croiser] 
I mean, for example, we can now, under the new technology, actually get all the energy we need in North America without having to go to the -- Arabs, Venezuelans or anyone else. 
I think it depends on how you define it. 
I think we need to help parents and strengthen families by dealing with the kind of inappropriate entertainment material to which families are just sick of the heart to which their children are exposed. 
But I also think that when he said in camera that 47 percent of the country considered themselves victims who refuse their personal responsibility, think of who he was talking to. 
Family farms are disappearing and have difficulty even in the current positive economic environment. 
And bringing us back to this kind of strategy that has brought us into this disorder is not the way we will maintain leadership in the 21st century. 
We became grandparents a year and a half ago. 
I'll make sure we don't hurt the functioning of our -- our market and our business, because I want to bring home and get good jobs. 
Since he's been at the office, two and a half million Americans have lost their jobs. 
MASHEK: Mr. Vice-President Bush, since your administration came to power, the President has threatened a severe counter-terrorism response, but deadly attacks have continued in Lebanon and the Middle East. 
It doesn't matter. 
Now it -- put you in jail in America companies if you kept the books that way, but in government it's just like that. 
PENCE: Well, I think it's — I think it's a big question, Elaine, but it really starts with us reforming our immigration system and putting the interests, especially the safety and security of the American people, first.I mean, Donald Trump called for extreme control for the people entering this country so that we don't bring people into the United States who are hostile to our Charter of Rights, who are hostile to the American way, and so do Donald Trump and I are committed to suspend the Syrian refugee program and programs and immigration from the regions of the world that have been compromised by terrorism. 
Absolument. 
Now, Senator McCain and President Bush have had a very different judgment. 
I am speaking to the Committee on External Relations. 
I want to move on to the deficit and many other things, too. 
This is not just about the gender gap. 
This is another example of erroneous priorities. 
Now, Social Security, let's rest once and for all. 
Wait a minute. 
We must overcome all racial, ethnic and cultural barriers. 
It was a good idea, Moody's and others said that it was exactly what we needed to prevent it from getting out of the cliff. 
But the fact is that he has taken many turns which, in my opinion, are unacceptable. 
And therefore, I don't think it's enough to go in front of the Republican public - and I never do - and say, "Look, vote for me because I'm a Republican." 
CLINTON: Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90 per cent -- 90 per cent of all the money that is given on behalf of people's programs around the world and in our own country. 
Interesting phenomenon: small towns have good schools, big cities have terrible schools. 
It's working. 
Seriously, labels don't mean anything. 
It's a lot of jobs, it's a lot of new economic activities. 
There are a number of things that seem good, but frankly, we can't pay them. 
I have a lot of respect for Jack Kemp and Bob Dole. 
More Asian countries have voted against us on this issue than with us. 
And at the end of the day, are you already embarrassed by the tone? 
It changes its position on something as fundamental as what you believe in your heart, in your heart, is right in Iraq. 
The port of Boston - the port of Boston, which is the filthiest waterway in America, tons of raw wastewater go there every day. 
The Reagan-Bush administration was right. 
But she's gonna give him the same kind of loyalty I give to President Reagan. 
No, I think I said everything I wanted to say. 
I think the choice is clear and it involves the future. 
And all the environmental organizations I know, all the big ones, have now approved the Dukakis-Bentsen ticket. 
Now, the leaders will always make mistakes. 
You have one of the worst cases in the United States Senate. 
That must be fair. 
Does the money stop with your Secretary of State until it happens here? 
You are for school uniforms and curfews and you are opposed to absenteeism. 
And while they were there, Mitch and his wife both lost their jobs because they couldn't get leave without pay. 
There she is, Governor, right there. 
Mr. LEHRER: John will ask the governor a question. 
Like Mr. Perot, I'm worried about deficits and $150 billion, it's a lot of money, but it's hard to say that we're going to spend more money when we try to reduce the deficit. 
Prices are low. 
What is more moral than peace, and the United States is at peace today? 
And there are elements of my proposal that you have just described and that I will not repeat. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. President, I am sorry. 
You have to choose your choice. 
And that is where the President has opposed virtually all arms control agreements, by each President, of the two political parties, since the bomb exploded. 
Why wasn't it, why is it for them, in one way or another not fraudulent. 
Everything's ready. 
And this is the tragedy of the Iran/Contra scandal. 
CLINTON: You know, under our Constitution, the presidents have called something the veto. 
We all have temperaments; I have one; I am sure Senator Kennedy has one. 
We sign a peace treaty. 
So you're suggesting that the head of your distortion speed operation, Dr. Slaoui- 
You know, they said I built the cages. 
It's Afghan responsibility. 
We have just heard the President's response to the problems at the barracks in Lebanon, where 241 marines were killed. 
It's a big waste of money, a hard and competent management of the government, giving us a simple and efficient, objective and manageable government, would be a big step forward and if I'm elected - and I intend to be - then it will be done. 
We also agree and believe and promise that the surplus of the Medicare trust fund should also be locked up with a sign that politicians don't touch you. 
In athletics, we know that. 
The actions of the archbishops allow me to tell you that I think they have not only the right but the responsibility to speak, and even though I was the person they were talking about, I think they have the responsibility to do so, and I have no problem with that, nor have I made a priest who walked in Vietnam's time and no more than I did at the time when Martin Luther King walked in the times of the civil rights marches. 
I am with the Churches of the Universal Metropolitan Community. 
That's not true. 
Of course, the vice president questions my patriotism. 
And yet my faith and confidence in the American future are not diminished. 
RADDATZ: Can you tell the American people... BIDEN: By the way, they... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: What's worse, another war in the Middle East... BIDEN: ...they're not four years closer to a nuclear weapon. 
In Lebanon, you had a terrorist action in which the government opposed it. 
We must not be divided on this issue. 
We agree on the economic programme. 
President Trump has made it clear that we will continue to listen to science. 
Why is my friend cutting off the tuition tax credit? 
There are tasks that the government should legitimately enforce and tasks that the government is doing well, and you have named some of them. 
We have a plan in place. 
Reduce the economy, reduce the rate of capital gains, create more jobs and opportunities for everyone in America. 
Because if that's the case, Governor Romney is your candidate. 
All these bad ISIS leaders are leaving Mosul. 
I would prefer a million to come from our own hemisphere, from our own country as opposed to Saddam Hussein. 
It's naive and dangerous to say that. 
You also voted against the prohibition of abortions at the end of partial pregnancy. 
And let's give him the credit for organizing Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield. 
Staying strong, staying in peace, raising the banner of human rights, setting an example for the rest of the world, letting our deep convictions and commitments be felt by other nations, is my plan for the future. 
I'm sure you like it. 
It'll help social security. 
And, John, I... you're absolutely right that the presidents must be careful in what they say. 
Why haven't you done this in the last 25 years? 
A little baby was shaped like a bean. 
They're people who wanted a revolution. 
OBAMA: This is one of the greatest challenges of our time. 
And that makes them advantageous on the market. 
It was a nation-building mission, and it was not very successful. 
Only the real ones — I hate to say that — but those with the lowest IQ could come back. 
Are Israel and the Palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No, they haven't spoken in two years. 
Senator Kaine? 
BROKAW: Senator Obama, thank you very much. 
I believe in our country. 
Nearly 11 million jobs that existed at the beginning of the year were not replaced. 
How will they prevent war if they say there's nothing more than us -- that they say we should do than what we've already done, number one. 
I respect his children. 
But I want to go back to the question to... PENCE: But in the middle — Elaine, thank you. 
HEARING_QUESTION: My question is for each of you, so PEROT: It caused me to disrupt my privacy and my business to get involved in this activity. 
Think of this as their country. 
We have a great program in my state that teaches mothers or fathers to teach their children to prepare for school. 
If you notice, he never answers the question. 
I am particularly concerned about the intercontinental weapons, those that can hit us. 
I noted the other night, for example, on Tuesday night at the Boston debate, Governor Bush suggested exactly that we should try to get the Russians involved to exert some leverage on the Serbs. 
And I think we're gonna win the house, okay? 
I think -- BUSH: 99 nothing. 
The American intelligence community told us that Russia was involved in the election of the President of the United States in 2016 and that it was playing in 2020. 
He wants you to believe him because he can't come here and tell you that he's created new jobs for America. 
We probably have one of the largest coalitions of people you've ever seen in a presidential race. 
That is why we need a reform of campaign funding. 
Instead, he doubled it. 
That means. 
America is better. 
Governor Bush is in favour of bonds that take taxpayers' money from public schools and give it to private schools that are not responsible for how the money is used and do not have to take all the candidates. 
That we take these truths as obvious, all men and women are created equal. 
The sooner the better. 
You can't have kids coming out of college, half of them can't find a job today, or a job that's proportionate to their university degree. 
That is up to Senator Edwards. 
Secretary Clinton... PENCE: We're going to put the security of the American people first. 
The book you mentioned that Vice-President Gore wrote, he also called for the imposition -- big taxes on energy to clean the environment. 
Vice President Quayle said they were important, but George Bush eliminated them from his urban plan, and then -- QUAYLE: Well, that's not true. 
There are Republican leaders, like John McCain, like Richard Lugar, like Chuck Hagel, who said that Iraq is a mess and it's getting worse. 
This means helping the owners so they can stay in their house. 
I never promised more than I could produce and I produced everything I promised. 
This may explain why Medicare patients complain about being expelled from Medicare. 
He suggested that we help regions in distress. 
All he did was build cages to keep the kids. 
I visited her in her office. 
John, you heard the president just say he thought he might try to be for her. 
If we give them a chance to be free, they'll run to the polls. 
I want the army to keep peace. 
I think this is an extraordinarily important decision that we will make on 7 November. 
We — in fact, we are the ones who put in the legislation that we could look at the model or practice of the police services and what they were doing, how they were doing themselves. 
I'm interested in this late conversion. 
And I can assure you that if we had not taken the strong and energetic steps we have taken, we would have been, uh - criticized very, very, very, uh - severely for sitting and not moving. 
And I have never seen a presidential campaign where the presidential candidate runs against my candidate for vice-presidency; never seen one before. 
You don't have good community relations in Chicago. 
We need a heritage trust program, similar to the one we had in Georgia, to reserve other lands of geological and archaeological importance, natural areas for enjoyment. 
And doing it in the right way meant that we were ready; that we gave the weapons inspectors time to find out what we know now, that there were actually no weapons of mass destruction; that we did not take away the eye of the balloon, which are Al-Qaida, Osama bin Laden, the people who attacked us on 11 September. 
I broke the rule. 
All right, gentlemen... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: Excuse me (inaudible). 
Look, I understand what it's like to be a single parent. 
Do you see a possibility that we will realize or react to the change of war in our time? 
MCCAIN: It is well known that I was not elected Miss Congeniality in the United States Senate or with the administration. 
If I don't like them, I can get rid of them and find a different insurance company. 
Virginia is in the lead, as Governor Clinton said, on this firearms identification system. 
Worse, they declared victory. They declared victory at each deployment. 
Morton, no. 
My call to our American fellow citizens is if you're healthy, if you're younger, don't get vaccinated against the flu this year. 
When you hear Vice-President Gore question your experience, do you read it the same way, that he only talks about political differences? 
Can you imagine the people who, frankly, do so well against us with ISIS? 
She tells us how to fight ISIS. 
Gwen, we believe that the abuse of trial is a serious problem in this country. 
This gives us much more power and freedom than to be concerned about what is happening in the Middle East. 
I've known him for 35 years. 
What measures, if any, would your administration take to counter these actions? 
All his advisors do is give advice when he asks. 
The kids listen to what they say. 
Had the United States not moved in southern Africa, there would certainly have been an acceleration of bloodshed in this tragic part of the world. 
But I leave you with this thought, sir, to be precise enough in my answer to your question: that, of course, to protect the vital interests of this country, if that became impossible; if I could not, despite the best efforts I have asked Congress to propose, increase those wages, incentives and allowances, of course, I would not leave this country defenceless. 
And there will be an important transition. 
By far, the greatest number in American history -- not just the great ones you've talked about, but many smaller ones. 
You questioned his legitimacy. 
And so bipartiality is what he voted for, automatic cuts in defense if they didn't act. 
However, I honour the right of people seeking constitutional amendments on the school bus, on prayer in schools and on abortion. 
And then we have his own record, that is, four consecutive years ago when he said he was going to cut the deficit in half. 
And -- and they are through many nations in the Middle East. 
We've learned that you give him an inch that he'll take a mile. 
The poor, the homeless and the disadvantaged are always with us. 
China and India have more degrees in technology and science than we are. 
Some people are looking for numbers, and others are compiling them. 
But I wish I had the same time. 
We think we can do even better. 
Over the past eight years, our nation has been divided as never before. 
We spend 30% more of our income on health care than any nation on earth, and yet we provide fewer people. 
But the Saudis and Qataris, and -- and the Turks are all very concerned about that. 
I think the government has a responsibility to find jobs for young people in this country, and the place to start is to help the very important and necessary task of helping cities rebuild. 
But again yesterday, Boston became the last city to move its public school system entirely online after a peak of coronavirus. 
There have been a number of studies, including studies by the Urban Institute and other non-political organizations, which say that the impact of fiscal and fiscal cuts and your economic policies have had a serious impact on some American classes - working mothers, the head of the family, minority groups, the elderly poor. 
First step, if I get up there, we'll clean this up. 
- No, no, no! 
We find practical and sensible solutions to the problems we face. 
How did we get to Putin? 
He doesn't know how to do that. 
WOODRUFF: Tom Brokaw, a question for Senator Bentsen. 
Are there also significant differences in the more personal field that are relevant to this election? 
The next question is for you, and Leo Anderson is going to ask it. 
Dr. Robert N. Berkley. 
BROKAW: Phil Elliott (ph) is here in this section, and Phil Elliott (ph) has a question for Senator McCain. 
And you say Exxon and Mobil. 
Last point, the issue of supply is very important because we are now short of the accumulation of investment that we made during the Reagan years. 
And unfortunately, we are seeing the consequences at the moment. 
Mr. Herter said that these islands were indefensible. 
Senator Obama has asked for nearly a billion dollars for pork allocation projects... SCHIEFFER: Time has passed. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator McCain, do you agree with what Senator Obama has just said? 
One being Russia, where we had IMF loans that found themselves in the pockets of many powerful people and did not help the nation. 
There were several out-of-topic quaffers in this litany. 
He would have asked for export controls on agricultural products In my opinion, the best way to get jobs is to expand the private sector, where there are now five out of six jobs in our economy. 
I was the first president of the United States to visit Japan. 
We can certainly work together to create a cultural life so that some of those young people who feel they can take the life of a neighbor with a gun understand that this is not how America is supposed to be. 
If you're poor, they pay for everything. 
I'd like to know the law that said we'd all be good parents. 
And John McCain was the maverick consumed in the Senate on all these s.e. took shots from the left and right of the other party and his own party, because he had to take his own party when the time came, when he recognized that it was time to set aside partisanship and do what was right for the American people. 
And there was a long silence of death, and she said, Come, we have delivered him. 
What is your reaction to that? 
RYAN: This taxes a million small businesses. 
Part of this is because we stayed here, because we didn't encounter our problems in the United States, because we didn't have a moving economy. 
I'm in favour. 
My wife is the daughter of a Presbyterian pastor. 
And this terrible circumstance in this country is exported abroad. 
WELKER: President Trump, what about — 
HOLT: It was... [crosstalk] TRUMP: Because I want to go to ISIS's defeat, because I want to go to job creation, because I want to go to a strong border, because I want to go to things that are very important to me and that are very important to the country. 
All our children went to public and private schools. 
Iraq was a disaster. 
I don't think it's about eliminating. 
But in fact, there have been similar peaks in republican-led cities, such as Tulsa and Fort Worth. 
Abraham Lincoln was a great president of all the people; but he was chosen by his party at a key moment in history because his party represented something. 
This means looking at (ph) on the expenditure side, but also on the revenue side. 
And besides, all of you teachers, you won't die many of you, so don't worry. 
How much for my family? 
I'm sorry, you asked the next question. 
More than 150,000 Americans have died of AIDS. 
In addition to that, I think we have a crisis here at home, a middle-class crisis that is getting tighter and tighter, the costs of health care are increasing. 
Mr.Kemp, Senator Dole, the other night, criticized President Clinton for reducing defence spending and, consequently, reducing jobs in California. 
And thirdly, I will never raise taxes on middle-income families. 
LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, the government of the United States, now operated by the Clinton administration, operates on a reign of terror, through a reign of terror? 
I'm Jim Lehrer of MacNeil-Lehrer's news on PBS. 
We know that when we went to Afghanistan, he emigrated to Baghdad. 
And I want you all to know that you will always be in our hearts and in our prayers. 
And my question to each of you, in turn, do these voters of information deserve to know? 
FORD: If it is, uh, true that there will be a $60 billion surplus by fiscal 1981, rather than spending that money on all the new programs that Governor Carter recommends and approves, and that are included in the democratic platform, I think the U.S. taxpayer should get additional tax relief - a tax reduction of that magnitude. 
Those are his words. 
When the Vice President was CEO of Halliburton, they took advantage of all the offshore loopholes available. 
It's time to bring people together to say that all seniors will get the coverage of prescription drugs. 
I think we should have a stronger military force. 
In fact, it is they who bomb and bomb the east of Aleppo, and they just announced a humanitarian break, in fact, admitting that they bomb and bomb Aleppo. 
It's a matter of morality. 
Four years in a row, the Democrats and Republicans met to balance the budget. 
(Applause) QUAYLE: Thousands of journalists have asked every teacher I've had, all my teachers and they know - and I've never professed to be anything but an average student. 
When I said that we need to make sure that China does not incinerate our domestic market with cheap tires, Governor Romney said that I was a protectionist; that it would not be useful to American workers. 
You see, their little car division's leaving. 
I hope so. 
They are still very idealistic. 
Governor Carter, I'd like to come back to the tax issue. 
And we must maintain this pressure. 
I could say that in closing, that is to say, as far as foreign policy is concerned, Mr Kissinger was President of that country. 
We are too divided by race, by income, by region. 
And you have the right to know where we would take this country if you decided to elect us. 
I have to tell you, people across this country, if you cherish our Supreme Court, if you cherish the separation of powers, you have to reject the ticket Biden-Harris arrives November the third and re-elect President Donald Trump. 
The -- and there's a lot of misunderstandings I've heard here tonight, to which I could get the answer. 
Yes, we have to be firm and resolute, and I am. 
I -- listen, I -- we have a big country. 
FORD: There is no policy of this government to give to the People's Republic, or to sell to the People's Republic of China, military equipment. 
So it was Barack Obama who voted for this energy plan that gave these tax reliefs to the oil companies that I then had to turn around, as governor of an energy-producing state, and a little undo in my own field of expertise, and it's energy. 
It's stuck in the Senate. 
What we don't want to do... BIDEN: We'll leave in 2014. 
I never said... 
We can't be everywhere all the time. 
We are becoming more and more a melting pot. 
They went to Austin High School. 
I believe it with all my heart. 
To stand up against aggression. 
Don't be mistaken, they have an undue influence in Washington, D.C. and it makes a difference if you have a president who will fight for you. 
That is to say, the creation of the Commission on 11 September. 
He's from Scranton, Pennsylvania. 
Yes, we have an increase in the defence budget. 
Mr. SAWYER: As a follow-up, allow me to draw another specific point, if I can -- one specific point that the Democrats have said about your campaign -- which is essentially based on imagery. 
Is this gonna change, or are you gonna be four years older than that? 
If he, that's what he said, he's not right. 
This means that a bridge must be built from this dependency. 
For me, that's how you make society as safe as possible. 
We need to go to Mr. Perot for a one-minute answer. 
I really take an oath as a public official to represent the entire people of my district, not just Catholics. 
I mean, I believe in the case of Little Rock. 
And I saw a problem in the public education system in America. 
Who do you want to start with? 
It will create jobs. 
It wasn't gonna work. 
And so what I believe is that the more we can do for the middle class, the more we can invest in you, your education, your skills, your future, the better we will be absent and the better we will grow. 
Stop talking about how you care about people. 
It was about restoring the heart of America and telling terrorists around the world, if you hurt America, we'll hunt you down to the gates of hell if you need it. 
Again, the president said: I take responsibility. 
Did he talk about children whose parents don't speak English as their mother tongue? 
Now we have to succeed. 
And when you look at what you're proposing... 
It's not bad. 
That's what I intend to do. 
And if we do, you don't have to ask your question, because we have a huge machine. 
Do you think homosexuality is a choice? 
And I trained it, and I closed it almost immediately because I thought the perception was bad. 
I appreciate it. 
If President Brezhnev has said that we will abolish this treaty, negotiated under three American presidents over a period of seven years, we insist on nuclear superiority as a basis for future negotiations, and we believe that launching a nuclear arms race is a good basis for future negotiations, it is obvious that I, as President, and all Americans, would reject such a proposal. 
Peace in Bosnia. 
We defend the Afghan security forces to assume responsibility for their own security. 
I mean, we have big economic problems, but we're not going to split up, we're ready for a recovery. 
Yes, we should make a great effort. 
President Trump. 
I think most Americans would say it doesn't make sense. 
I admit I was the first to recommend it. 
Mr. GORE: I had the same position -- QUAYLE: Do you agree? 
And I'm not going to allow this to happen. 
That's not enough. 
We need to have someone fighting for patients and make sure you get decent and affordable health care. 
PENCE: Senator, that is... that is absurd. 
We need to understand very poorly that defence spending is very important and vital, especially in the new challenges we face in the world, but we need to deal with a lot of cost overruns. 
It was in the previous administration, in the Bush-Quayle administration, and I think, retrospectively, there are some that we should take very, very seriously. 
There are ways to help people now. 
You, senator, said you would not be a vice-president under any circumstances. 
And it's not from Scranton. 
I don't think we could afford not to do these things. 
They love him because he doesn't do what I really think I need to do to make decisions to doctors and nurses and give you a right of appeal to someone other than the HMO or the insurance company, let yourself go to the nearest emergency room without having to call an HMO before calling 911, to let you see a specialist if you need, and he has strong bipartite support. 
He was – he called Mexican rapists and criminals. 
But we will give you other choices as they give federal employees in the federal employee health plan. 
And I think Ross Perot did a good job of getting them. 
I led the fight to put 100,000 cops on the streets of America. 
I would take the use of force very seriously. 
And in his tax plan, you would have CEOs of Fortune 500 companies getting an average of $700,000 in reduced taxes, while leaving 100 million Americans out. 
Senator, I want to thank you and Joe Biden for your sincere expressions and concerns. 
First of all, is that correct? 
But I was there for a short time and I improved very quickly or I wouldn't be here tonight. 
I'm gonna put Medicare and social security in a safe and protect them. 
I'll talk about it a little later, but the changes are upsetting for world peace. 
In short, there is a choice here. 
You're sending 80 million ballot papers. 
You have strong-willed guys up there fighting with you. 
Bob Dole and I want to cut tax rates on all Americans, working, saving, investing and taking risks in America. 
What are we gonna tell our kids? 
Will you accept the result as the will of the voters? 
Let's see if... 
Today, 47 million people are wearing food stamps. 
It was on the ascendant when we took up our duties. 
Anne Groer, a question for the governor. 
I think there are things to be done in this regard. 
Is that your question? 
Are you going to have to increase the deficit by much more than 10 years? 
He moved 17,000 people off the social welfare list and on salaries. 
I'm a federalist. 
The question is, do people get health care, and we have a solid safety net, and there must be a safety net in America. 
Whether you borrow the money or simply impose it on people, you take the same amount in the private sector, unless and until you reduce the government's share of what it takes. 
And now, with Senator Dole's risky $550 billion tax system, even his own friends, his campaign co-chair, Senator D'Amato, says that they may not be able to pay without cutting Medicare plus and social security too, he says. 
John Kennedy proposed to reduce capital gains. 
The other day, I saw only one example. 
Because the fact is, almost everything she did in foreign policy was a mistake and it was a r.t. if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia, and look what they did this week, where I agree, she wasn't there, but maybe she consulted. 
I know because we did it there. 
But when the tables are turned, I should do my part. 
Saddam Hussein has published a tape, as you know, stating that it was a record of their meeting, where she said that we would not be involved in your border dispute and, in fact, you can take the northern part of the country. 
Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum as they came out of Iraq, because they came out of Iraq, they shouldn't have come in, but once in, the way they got out was a disaster. 
One last point on the missiles. 
LEHRER: If I can interrupt at this point and warn the public as I did before we talked, please hold it. 
This is the only way to exert real economic pressure on the Castro regime - as well as on the countries of Western Europe, Canada, Japan and other countries. 
And now our children are killed with ammos just out of this dump. 
Cracking China when they cheat. 
I am working with groups, not only with industry, but also with citizen groups and local communities to control the spread in ways that local communities themselves find. 
GIBSON: I'm going to go back to how these numbers add up and how you can cut that deficit in two in four years, given what you both said. 
It is incredible that ambiguity can be called foreign policy. 
We have seen in this world a development of a huge threat to us. 
Flora Westbrook is with us tonight in Salt Lake City. 
I'm the one who said to keep the M.F.N. because you see China moving towards a free market economy. 
No, but the fact is, it's subjective. 
A few words at the beginning of tonight's debate on format. 
There is, I must say, the opinion now that after joining Al Gore on the other side, the depth of conviction that we had previously admired may not be as strong as in the past. 
So, let me ask you first, what are you doing in cases like Italy? 
And I don't know if I was born again, but I know I was born into a Christian family. 
Absolument. 
PAGE: Thank you, Senator Harris, and I would like to ask you: I would like you to answer first the question on our last subject, the election itself. 
Mr President, (inaudible). 
And that's not my money. 
And this man arose, and he trembled. 
Marvin Stone, editor-in-chief of U.S. News &amp; World Report; Harry Ellis, national correspondent for Christian Science Monitor; William Hilliard, deputy editor-in-chief of Portland Oregon; Barbara Walters, correspondent for ABC News. 
I see a time when Internet activities are more accessible in rural areas and where the additional source of income that farm families used to have shoe factories is replaced by an additional source of income from work in the information economy. 
CLINTON: Let me repeat that we had a tsar of drugs in Arkansas, but he responded to the governor, as he replied to the president. 
He's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Through his own health insurance trustees, three of whom are members of his firm, the President will lose $23 billion a year by 1998. 
QUESTION: My question is, do you think you can be a president dedicated to all people in the United States? 
Hundreds of people came to me and said to me: God bless America. 
Is it -- is it a separate subject? 
I gave it. 
But you won't change the law, because you're taking so much money. 
Gwen, we've never let Osama bin Laden down since the first day. 
Do you want to urge your supporters to stay calm while the vote is counted? 
(Laughter) DUKAKIS: And I'm very proud of it. 
For example, after my first trip abroad - abroad, I strongly recommended that we increase our exchange programs especially with respect to the exchange of leaders in the field of work and information. 
My plan is not to introduce a tax reduction that will add to the deficit. 
Mondale, let me ask you about the middle-class Americans and the taxes they pay. 
In fact, I think a noble goal for this country is that every child, born or unborn, needs to be protected by the law and welcomed to life. 
Under a Romaney administration, we will have credibility on this issue. 
And it's important to them. 
For life to return to normal Dr. Anthony Fauci and other experts say that most people who can be vaccinated must be vaccinated, but half of the Americans now say that they would not take a vaccine if it were released now. 
Diversity is a great strength in America. 
An all-volunteer army is the best suited to combat the new wars of the 21st century, which must be specialized and find these people as they hide around the world. 
Certainly. 
Again, two million people would have died now instead of... but 204,000 people is too much. 
I don't have an answer. 
It's time for a new start after a cynicism season. 
I want you to get a job. 
Maybe it's a shock to someone who's been in Washington for so long. 
Mr Vice-President, you said you met Secretary-General Gorbachev, you met Mr Shevardnadze, but for forty years the Americans have learned to regard the Soviet Union as the enemy. 
I remember getting my future back from doctors and nurses and a Chicago doctor named Dr. Kalikian. 
We want to reform the social security system to ensure benefits for our pensioners and allow our young people to invest part of their income tax into a retirement account that they will control and give them better control over their own lives. 
What do you mean by that? 
Another issue in this campaign was Governor Carter's approval of the democratic platform, which requires more spending, larger deficits, inflation, or taxes on mare. 
And we will return home with victory and honor. 
I have traveled among the people of this country for the past twenty-one months. 
I did it. 
In fact, one of HEW's secretaries under Mr. Carter's direction testified that he believed there was $7 billion in fraud and waste in the well-being and medical programs associated with it. 
There is now a general strike. 
And you can... 
What you need, when people see problems, they offer solutions to these problems. 
Quickly, and then we move on. 
It hasn't been cancelled since I was there. 
Spending money is one thing. 
Each candidate will have up to 2 minutes. 
The other thing is nice. 
I think the best way to bring people together is through change in Washington, D.C. You know, I served in Washington, D.C., for 12 years at the U.S. Congress. 
A murderer would come, a rapist would come, a very bad person would come, we would take their name, we must release them in our country. 
He wanted it to be said -- four years. 
Thank you, Arizona State, for welcoming us. 
Let me say what a friend told me, and I believed it for my entire career, weakness is provocative and our message should be clear. 
But he never apologized for anything to e.e. never apologized to Mr. and Mrs. Khan, the Gold Star family whose son, Captain Khan, died in the performance of his duties in Iraq. 
I'm not for national firearms registration. 
I fought my career against her. 
Hillary Clinton went to Washington to get funds to rebuild his city and protect first responders, but Donald Trump was fighting a very different fight. 
There are now things we can do to help people who are currently entitled to public assistance. 
What would Romney-Ryan do with this credibility? 
Which tax do you decide is the least expensive? 
And I think it's a private matter. 
Is it not time to adopt a new approach, a new generation of ideas and leadership, to put the people of our country at the forefront and to revive our economy? 
I have really tried to be faithful to your request that we answer the questions specifically and clearly. 
Not only did I agree to file my tax returns, but after a little advancement from my husband, I also agreed to file his tax returns with the - not only the Ethics Board, but also the CEE. 
It was actually mine, actually, Mr. President. 
George Bush taking credit for the Berlin Wall is like the cock taking credit for sunrise. 
I mean, the last administration transferred $1.8 billion to the main state sponsor of terrorism -- 
So it's negotiable? 
PAGE: Let Vice-President Pence have a chance to answer. 
MCCAIN: Thank you, Oliver, and that's an excellent question, because as you just described, rescue, when I think it's rescue, because -- because of greed and excess in Washington and Wall Street, Main Street was paying a very heavy price, and we know that. 
(Applause) WOODRUFF: Brit, question for Senator Bentsen. 
That's something I can do. 
In the last debate (FOOTNOTE), the Vice-President of the United States said that I had said that the marines had died shamefully and that they had died shamefully in Lebanon. 
Eighty million ballot papers. 
And can you imagine where they say, uh, "You must have your ballot paper before November 10th. 
I want to make sure people hear that, the fundamental difference with us. 
I can talk to people, like my wife Teresa, to make other choices, abstinence, and all the other things we should do as a responsible society. 
I've been there my whole life. 
It's one of the best schools in Houston. 
It's an error characterizing my position. 
And the United States will maintain our interest in national security in the Panama Canal. 
Governor Reagan's approach to our energy policy, which has already proven its effectiveness, is to repeal, or substantially modify, the exceptional profit tax - to return a significant $227 billion to the oil companies; to remove the Ministry of Energy; to short-circuit our synthetic fuel program; to place a minimum emphasis on solar energy; and to place a strong emphasis on nuclear power plants as a major energy source in the future. 
At the turn of the century, we have to control our deficit, we have to get out of it for the surplus to accumulate, so when baby boomers like me retire, we're fine. 
And we're going to do even better. 
I ask the American people to join me in this partnership. 
I have not heard how his policy is going to be different with Israel than that of George Bush. 
We have no growth in this country. 
That's how you help people. 
I thought we should extend the ban on assault weapons, and I was told that the bill would never move, because Republicans and Democrats were against the ban on assault weapons, the people of both parties. 
There are millions of women in this country who passionately believe in a woman's right to privacy. 
President Carter, what's your comment? 
No, I don't think that's the right answer. 
Congressman Ferraro won the whip. 
But there is certainly a common ground when those who believe in choice and those who oppose abortion can come together and say: "We should try to prevent unwanted pregnancies by providing appropriate education to our young people, communicating that sexuality is sacred and that they should not be involved in cavalry, offering adoption options and helping single mothers if they want to keep the baby." 
Yes, I did. 
That is a very important question. 
Four years ago, you thought I was a believer. 
Because if you say these words, you're going to lose all your radical left-wing supporters. 
The Lewin report is a group of people who are not politically affiliated. 
But what's exciting is that the fear of nuclear war is on the ground. 
The kind of tests you can't detect are underground or in space maybe. 
Is there any doubt in your mind that you would be able to function under such circumstances? 
PENCE: Well, I have the deepest respect for Senator Scott, and he is a close friend. 
I'm not trying to cut taxes for the rich. 
We spend more money, but raise standards and measure early and solve problems now, before it's too late. 
(Laughs) QUAYLE: They sneeze on common sense advice. 
Karl Marx said that the system of free enterprise in a democracy can only continue to exist when they are at war or are preparing for a distant war. 
I try to practice my religion very fervently and follow the teachings of my church in my own personal life. 
We doubled the number of small business administration loans, tripled the number of loans to women entrepreneurs, no one without qualifications, everyone had to meet the standards. 
In June, we imported nearly 12 million barrels of oil a day. 
Of course, the UN. 
I prefer higher salaries for teachers. 
We are proud of the achievements, opportunities and hope of millions of Americans. 
If you'll leave me, Bob, about education... 
This would stimulate investment. 
And this clock's turning. 
And I don't think it's, uh - Congress is Mr Ford's adversary; but if - if he insists - that I am responsible for the Democratic Congress, of which I am - have not been a part, then I think it's fair for him to be responsible for the Nixon administration in its entirety, of which he was a part. 
Then, Mr. Shadel. 
These 500 plus children came with their parents. 
We cannot afford this kind of growth in federal spending. 
And so I think we have to think differently. 
We're financing them. 
I think it was pretty impressive. 
People want their seats open. 
Problems between races in America need to be addressed. 
He's a mailman, of course. 
When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade agreements that preceded me, and I put them all to the same test. 
Pensez-y. 
Others disagreed with us. 
But it is now time for the next stage of social assistance reform, and include fathers and not just mothers. 
And look, criminal justice is about respecting the law and being respected by the law. 
And I think Joe asked me to serve with him because I have a career that included being elected first woman district attorney in San Francisco, where I created models of innovation for law enforcement, in terms of criminal justice reform. 
And as a result, you had 46 states across the country that made a real difference. 
The administration has brought criminal proceedings against the people who pierce oil there, this massive new resource that we have. 
But I want to ask you precisely: Do you want the court, including the judges you will appoint, to overturn Roe v. Wade, which includes -- in fact, asserts -- a woman's right to abortion? 
The United States has come together as we have not for many years. 
Before Roe v. Wade, states could pass criminal laws to do exactly that, to punish women if they made the choice to end a pregnancy.I think you should live your moral values. 
Thank you, senator. 
You said it recently when you were asked to legalize same-sex unions. 
I don't think it's the role of the president to choose you're right and you're not right. 
The President failed; Chiang Kai-shek would not withdraw. 
Mr. SHAW: Unfortunately, to each of you, I must inform you that we have reached the end of our questions. 
I want to teach. 
Today, it's almost 30, at least 27 or 28 per cent. 
You now say that you support abortion only in cases of rape, incest or threat to the life of a mother, and you also support a constitutional amendment that, if ratified, would prohibit most abortions. 
Good paid work. 
Well, thank you. 
I'd like to understand who did this, what the idea was behind it, why it led to violence, thousands of weapons going to Mexican drug lords. 
Not at all. 
No, we're done with this. 
We will not allow Iran to engage perpetually in negotiations that will not lead anywhere. 
It's going to be critical. 
Let me look at what I did, too. 
We will see that the fact that we do not have an energy policy there is one of the main storm clouds on the horizon of our economy. 
RYAN: All I'm saying is that if you think life starts at conception, it doesn't change the definition of life. 
Now, if preemption is finally what has to happen, I don't know yet. 
Let it be on the fight against pharmaceutical companies on Medicare prescription drugs, import. 
And now, all of a sudden, these guys are so caught up with the debt they've created. 
The Secretary of Defense said it would even be devastating. 
I therefore think, yes, that we will have to change in a very significant way, some of the ways of life that we now enjoy. 
We should do it, and we're doing everything we can to get the detectives back there. 
Now you're talking about getting ISIS out. 
And we have a wide range of differences on these. 
I think what it means to build consensus. 
An African-American was my main economic development agent. 
They didn't see their service as a draft. 
OBAMA: No, let me say... (CROSSTALK) MCCAIN: By the way, my friend, Dr.Kissiger, who has been my friend for 35 years, would be interested in hearing this conversation and Senator Obama's representation of his positions on the issue. 
HARRIS: Susan, the Trump administration's perspective, and China's approach has led to the loss of American lives, American jobs, and American positions. 
My opponent says J. Danforth Quayle. 
We must persuade these other countries not to restrict the entry of our goods, not to act as if there were a dollar gap; and thirdly, we must persuade them to assume some of the responsibilities that we have so far maintained, to help the underdeveloped countries of Africa, Latin America and Asia to make an economic breakthrough themselves. 
We are talking about a massive government. 
As I say, high-risk patients are no longer covered. 
My voice, my question concerns you, Mr. Dole. 
Mr. LEHRER: An answer, Mr. Vice-President. 
We also wanted Medicare to be able to negotiate bulk purchases. 
Let's go one by one. 
for stronger defence and programs that would mean spending more money. 
They won't come back in the back. 
Now, I'm everything for private schools, but to use the taxpayers' dollars, when people who get these little coupons will often not be able to afford private school anyway, and private school is not -- QUAYLE: Al, I think, I think it's important -- GORE: -- under any obligation to admit them, it's a ripple of the American taxpayer. 
The Vice-President answered his last question. 
China is another of those relationships where it is competitive, it is also difficult, and in times like North Korea, we must be able to cooperate. 
The encouraging news is that the State news agency reports that Mr. Kostunica is the President-elect. 
And Scott Zubowski, whose mother would always come to Newcastle, Indiana, to see me, and I always hug her and tell her that we will never forget her son and we will never forget, Scott Zubowski and the sacrifices made by the American soldier were wasted in Iraq because this administration created a vacuum in which ISIS could w.d a reference to the Iranian agreement, the Iranian agreement that Hillary Clinton initiated, 150 billion dollars to radical mullahs in Iran. 
The programme that I have advocated is a programme that departs from the current programme that we have in this regard. 
Not in the east. 
First, let me say that John Kerry has -- can I use his name now? 
We all care. 
And that's something I'm going to commit to as President of the United States. 
Are there also underlying problems that you think are serious enough to deny Senator Kerry the position of Commander-in-Chief of the United States? 
Massachusetts's permission program was unique. 
We would have 6 trillion dollars in 15 years of additional wealth for the American people. 
We have established eighty-four new mental health treatment centres. 
Government spending has become completely uncontrollable; 10 trillion dollars of debt we give to our children, half a million dollars we owe to China. 
And it is these kinds of loopholes that require a premium increase under the law that was passed in 1997, supported by John Kerry. 
It's ruining us in business. 
And, after 11 September, it became clear that we had to do several things to have a successful strategy to win the world war against terrorism, in particular that we had to go after terrorists wherever we could find them, that we also had to go after the sponsors of the state of terror, those who could provide a safe sanctuary or port for terror. 
OBAMA: And that's why independent studies on this point have said that the only way to meet Governor Romney's commitment not to reduce the deficit or -- or -- not to add it is to overload middle-class families. 
Mr. Mondale, if I could broaden the question a little bit: since the Second World War, every conflict we Americans have been involved in has been in non-conventional or irregular terms. 
CLINTON: In 6 years -- I budgeted all this in my budget, and in 6 years the college program would cost $8 billion plus what -- the current student loan program costs 4; you pay $3 billion for the loans interrupted, because we don't have an automatic collection system, and $1 billion in bank charges. 
They talk, they can't do it. 
Close your eyes, remember that these people seem to come out of the field, carrying torches, their veins turning over, inflaming – simply inflaming the anti-Semitic bile and accompanied by the Ku Klux Klan. 
I would also add that there are decisions taken within the Oval Bureau by each President which are of a profound nature. 
We have young people who have the grades, the will and the motivation to go to college, but they don't have the money. 
PAGE: Vice-President Pence, I'm sorry, your time is up – Thank you, Vice-President Pence – 
We had a recession in 54. 
Let me mention another rule in Dodd-Frank. 
And in the meantime, they were not following Al-Qaida, and they are more powerful now than at any time since we started the war in Afghanistan. 
We will never have a balanced budget, we will never meet the needs of our people, we will never control the inflationary spiral, as long as we have seven million or eight million unemployed people looking for jobs. 
I do not believe that the Yugoslavs consider themselves to be dominated by the Soviet Union. 
LEHRER: Do you think you have a difference with your and Governor Romney's views on education and the federal government? 
I think that's something we need to take seriously. 
And we have never stopped trying to demand, to acquire fairness for everyone, equality for all of America. 
Now, this is a huge, vital change that will help people continue their education and develop the type of skills that will help them succeed in today's high-tech economy. 
John Edwards, two and a half years ago, six months after our arrival in Afghanistan, announced that it was chaotic, that the situation was deteriorating, that the warlords would take over. Two and a half years later, four days before a democratic election, we are the first in Afghanistan's history. 
Thank you. 
Oil production is on the rise, natural gas production is on the rise and, above all, we are also starting to build more efficient cars. 
The same avant-garde organization your campaign donated $832,000 for "lighting and site selection." 
I didn't even record it. 
Let me turn to the question of Hollywood and then answer the general question. 
I'm trying to save your Medicare, just like I saved social security with a bipartite commission. 
And the reason is because of her people, because of the woman I met in North Carolina who decided at 55 to go back to school because she wanted to inspire her daughter and now has a job with that new training she got; because a company in Minnesota that was willing to give up the wages and benefits for their executives to make sure they didn't lay off the workers during a recession. 
I'm afraid we're being overdeployed around the world. 
The time has come for the two minutes of closing statements and, by prior agreement, President Bush will go first. 
But between us, we can either destroy the world or save it. 
What would you do if you were the Israelis and the president of a country says that they are determined to erase you from the map, call your country a stinking corpse? 
My priority is to ensure that we get more people hired. 
I'm not saying that, I'm asking you - you know what I asked for. 
And what you assume is that it makes the recipient of the lobbying corrupt or the lobbyist himself corrupt. 
And I was discriminating against African-American children in schools. 
Vice-President Pence, allow me to give you 15 seconds to answer because I want to move on. 
Can you tell us what kind of qualifications and philosophy you would seek as president in Supreme Court appointments? 
Uh - we have always had, I think, a lot of constitutional amendments proposed, but the passage of these amendments has been rather slow, and, uh - little and far between. 
It is a bit like a political question rather than a question of people. 
And for two years, this administration did not talk to North Korea at all. 
He keeps the guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have guns. 
But those on the front line -- as you know; you have been a strong supporter of law enforcement; really, I just want to clarify that -- have the will to fight it. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...and - and that is why I have the kind of commitment to ensure that our industries in this country can be competitive and successful. 
I couldn't do it. 
Well, we're four trillion dollars in debt. 
They don't want to see the world burst into -- in various forms of chaos, because they have to -- they have to make goods and put people to work and they have about 20,000 -- 20 million, rather, people coming out of farms every year coming into cities, requiring jobs. 
And we didn't destroy our industries. 
I'm saying, who makes these people lose on everything. 
And I'll take care of it. 
BUSH: I think my father would be quite proud of me, because I think we've come a long way and I think that, you know, three months ago, I remember some of the great publications in this country had erased me. 
We also propose to require foreign companies to pay the same taxes as US companies when doing business here in the United States of America. 
How did we do that? The Republicans and Democrats met on a bipartite basis to put in place principles of education that focused on having great teachers in the classroom. 
I was disappointed by the decision because I think abortions should be rarer in America, and I'm worried that this pill will create more abortions and make more people have abortions. 
Thank you all and have a good night. Mr. SHADEL: [interpretation] 
- No, it's not. 
He vetoed middle-class tax relief this year. 
We're going to move on... 
They worked together from a framework to reduce tax rates and broaden the base, and worked together to correct this. 
There are a lot of young people who say, you know, why do I want to be involved in this mess? 
It was a good instinct. 
I wish you luck. 
The reason no child was left behind was that the money was left behind, we didn't fund it. 
A coup d'état broke out in the Philippines. 
Again, it means not making big deficits here and not wasting our surplus. 
Mr. KENNEDY: Mr. President. 
These people had eight years to do something in Washington, D.C. about the uninsured. 
The bill was finally published at the end of the 1999 session. 
Now we're going to go to the closing statement. 
Ann was with someone the other day crying about not being able to work. 
Just because the president says it can't be done, that you'd lose China, doesn't mean it can't be done. 
We need some leverage with the Russians, because they will not come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution, unless there is some leverage on them. 
.or they missed the deadline. 
But I really don't think there's anything I can tell President Truman who's going to change his particular way of speaking at the age of seventy-six. 
They are now operating in 60 countries. 
Mr. LEHRER: The next question concerns President Clinton in this section. 
I think he is. 
You must be able to negotiate, that's right, with Japan, with Saudi Arabia. 
CLINTON: The way you get a better America is to balance the budget and protect Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment; to give a targeted tax reduction - and let me talk about the education tax reduction - to allow people to have a $10,000 deduction for tuition costs at university any year, any type of tuition fees at university; to give families a tax credit, a dollar for tax reductions for the cost of a typical community college so that we can open this up to everyone. 
But under no circumstances should the United States ever conclude a trust-based agreement. 
Inverser la question. 
I'm happy to do that, too. 
Today, the oil industry has recently experienced difficult times. 
The weapons lobby is on his side. 
That's what we're gonna do. 
Obviously, no president wants war, and I certainly do not believe that Governor Reagan, if he was president, would like war, but a president of Oval's office must rule almost daily on how to exercise the enormous power of peace of our country, through diplomacy, or in a negligent manner in a belligerent attitude that has illustrated his attitudes in the past. 
And he said, "You better get on the stick here. You better look at him." 
Everyone does it here. 
Are you sure -- yes, he started. 
I must say that I am also overwhelmed by their comments on human rights. 
That makes sense. 
We are over-committed and under-funded. 
He made a fortune in Ukraine, China, Moscow and other places. 
He didn't demagogue them. 
You just lost your left. 
There were too many infantrymen there, not enough heavy artillery; and I certainly don't think there was any involvement in Secretary Dulles' statement that Quemoy and Matsu should not be defended in case they were attacked, and this attack was a preliminary to an attack on Formosa. 
For example, I would not give a driver's license to those who came here illegally as the president would. 
In fact, there are quite scientific and solid figures on the space that still exists in the world and on the number of people we can have. 
And we were opposed by the administration, another area where I diverged from that administration. 
You didn't accept the closing statements, but it seems to me in a funny way that could make it more interesting because you didn't prepare the closing statements. 
Do you want to stop the Soviet ships, as President Kennedy did in 1962? 
That's why I'm running to win back this election and change its terrible politics. 
He said we're not going to test in space - in the atmosphere, if you don't want to. 
We had ambassadors killed in Sudan and Lebanon a long time ago. 
Senator Dole, we talked about social security for baby boomers. 
Hon. SCHIEFFER: Senator Kerry? 
(CROSSTALK) LEHRER: (inaudible) answer the question of taxes for a moment. 
Because the deficit has been accumulating for 12 years. 
It is the direct result of the choices they have made and their efforts that have created division in America. 
You need a microphone. 
Of course, if I did it again, I wouldn't. 
Will we have equal pay for women, which is falling back? 
And, Governor, it's for you. 
I don't think a leader should spend his time in Ovale's office deciding who's going to play tennis on the White House court. 
Mr President, the country is now in something that your advisers call an economic break. 
Medical expenses are skyrocketing. 
I don't have to worry about the Federal Reserve in the short term. 
It took months and months for Bush and the administration to support this law, and they're still resisting it. 
There is no question, but we must move forward in every possible way to reduce the danger of war, to move towards controlled disarmament, to control testing, but we must also bear in mind that when Senator Kennedy suggests that we have not made any effort, he simply does not know what he is talking about. 
Innermountain Healthcare does it beautifully, Mayo Clinic does it beautifully, Cleveland Clinic, others. 
They steal our intellectual property, our patents, our designs, our technology, hack our computers, counterfeit our property. 
You have to make the decision. 
But the name is there. 
We remember what it was when we had a spending president and a spending congress, and interest rates -- who remembers it? 
We have the lowest number of troops since the end of the Second World War. 
You know, I asked NATO countries to put in place an additional $130 billion, to reach $420 billion a year, that is, to protect themselves from Russia. 
He also promised America to go to war as a last resort. 
We've spent more than $600 billion so far, soon for a trillion dollars. 
But we're going to have to work with the -- with the people of Pakistan to try to help them move on to a more responsible path than they are on. 
Candidates under their rules cannot question each other directly. 
Let the governor answer it. 
I hope they're rich people. 
We have never increased sales taxes, income tax or property tax. 
Secondly, he is wrong in the analogies he makes. 
We therefore need a military force, an economic force, an appropriate diplomatic policy. 
I'll tell you where we disagree. 
And, you know, I'm frankly surprised that since you grew up five blocks away, you think what's going on in this state is irrelevant. 
We are for more tax reductions for the middle class than they are for, have been over the last four years. 
Do you see a major difference between you two in terms of social security? 
Vice President Biden, go ahead. 
The death penalty. 
And the United States needs help from other countries. 
When you say they're coming back, they're not coming back, Joe. 
Some people don't like the fact that I got up to say no, but I did. 
About the very interested people. 
It's always the most respected credit. 
One last question: 
And, uh, the Playboy thing was of great concern to me. 
In 47 months, I've done more than you in 47 years, Joe. 
He says we're leaving absolutely in 2014. 
I chose Lloyd Bentsen. 
And there were reports. 
There is a pending law called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. 
But our real power comes, I think, from our values. 
Of course, we must prepare, starting with low-level diplomatic talks, and this may not work, because Iran is a rogue regime. 
And they know I'll take care of it. 
They sit in five sections. 
Merci, Susan. 
Mr. QUAYLE: Excuse me, Mr. Vice-President. 
My priority is to get people back to work in America. 
What he did was to challenge the Soviet Union. 
Women even have the right to report to the office. 
And they did something: they made things worse. 
And Detroit had dragged his feet too long for that to happen. 
The key is vocational training, education, investments in health care and education, the environment, pension security. 
The Commission designed the format, six segments of approximately 15 minutes with two-minute answers from each candidate to the first question, and then an open discussion for the rest of each segment. 
I questioned his judgment and his character. 
Re-elect President Bush. 
CLINTON: Well, one of the things I tried to do was make sure that everyone in the country who was under a managed care plan should have at least three choices of plans, and would have the right to go out without penalty every year. 
That's not true. 
I'm done because it's racist. 
We cannot let those who would try to destabilize the world to interfere with American interests and security...HOLT: Your two minutes are... CLINTON: ... to have opportunities at all. 
They don't feel like they know you or the people around you. 
In this segment, President Trump, you will spend the first, two minutes. 
It's in your book. 
Journalists are free to ask any question they choose on any subject. 
Now I am not able, and I don't think you are, any of us, to make this determination that must be made with respect to human life. 
I supported it because ethnic cleansing and genocide were under way. 
I only want to hear arguments about whether it's good or bad for people -- is it morally right? 
They are suffering in this country. 
And our children are very important to us and we are concerned about their education in school. 
And I agree with the governor. 
I didn't make that statement. 
It's a horrible thing she's doing. 
Maybe we'll give three, three, four or five or something. 
Wait a minute. 
The Special Federal Commission made sound recommendations. 
Well, no, no. 
Besides, they took care of something that was here. 
We've completely changed that. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't remember you ever complaining about ministers involved in the civil rights movement or in demonstrations against the Vietnam war or about black preachers who have been so involved in American politics. 
And let me explain to you my own strategy to reduce this deficit, because as the executive head who is balanced ten consecutive budgets, I had to make these difficult decisions and those difficult choices. 
I think Mr. Perot put his finger on something there. 
But the question is whether this other option proposed by the President should be pursued. 
It is time to conclude the statements, I think you are the first, Mr. President. 
We need to cover more kids. 
In recent years, the Freedom To Farm Act has, in my view, been a failure for the most part. 
It encourages the use of renewable energy such as ethanol and biodiesel. 
We're gonna need a new spirit. 
My son didn't make any money about China. 
General Petraeus invited Senator Lindsey Graham and I to attend a ceremony where 688 brave young Americans, whose enlistment had expired, re-engaged to stay and fight for Iraqi freedom and American freedom. 
Oh, you're talking about the rules. 
But this is an additional $4 billion that would add to the deficit that would add to inflationary pressures, which would help destroy jobs in the private sector, not create jobs, where jobs really are. 
I never would've run. 
Medicare is no less expensive; medical care for the elderly is more expensive, with greater deductibles, with fewer benefits, the kind of things we had under that administration that cut and cut and reduce the kind of benefits we get under Medicare. 
You didn't stop the nuclear weapons program. 
The president can't command Congress. 
I am very, very concerned about where we go with education and we need to increase it and put more attention in this arena. 
And so Dodd-Frank correctly says that we have to have qualified mortgages, and if you give a mortgage that is unqualified, there are big penalties, except that they never continued to define what a qualified mortgage was. 
The poor and poverty - the biggest thing we have done for poverty in America is the 1986 Tax Simplification Act: six million working poor families have withdrawn their wages; six million people have lost their wages as a result of this tax reform, and they keep the tax money there. 
This means, like embargoes, sanctions and overflights, things that don't put American troops on the ground. 
We have a balanced budget plan that protects the defence budget, also Medicare, Medicaid, education, the environment, and taxes -- gives tax reductions to middle-income families. 
And I've made some tough decisions. 
And if you elect me, I will respect the law. 
The whole was fraud, and it's not k.t when we get rid of these lines, you'll have the competition, and we'll be able to keep pre-existing, we'll also be able to help people who can't get — not have money because we're going to have people d. d Republicans feel like this, believe it or not, and strongly in this way. 
Governor Romney not only opposed it, but suggested that in fact employers should be able to decide whether or not a woman obtains contraception through insurance coverage. 
- About a minute. 
In 1985, I was one of the first democrats -- to break up with my party. 
They retired, General Shinseki, for telling him that. 
I think you're going to see a change in those polls. 
His opponent then has a minute and a half to offer a rebuttal. 
We have a gentleman in Nicaragua who is under contract with the CIA, advising - supposedly on military tactics - the contras. 
And we need to make sure we reduce our deficit. 
And I'm proud to have been the author of this. 
And you catch him. 
Inhalez. 
Hon.GIBSON: Senator? 
I'm just curious. 
I would also tell him that the fact that he, the decorated soldier you mentioned, fought for his country, for that to be honoured. 
Yes, I agree. 
Now, whenever the governor is questioned about this, he doesn't say anything. 
And we'll start with Jim Wieghart. 
Are they proposing to put American troops on the ground? 
But the reality is that it was said. 
There is a specific measure on the vote in California. The bill, introduced by Senator Dole, applied to the entire nation. Mr. Kemp campaigned against her, spoke against her, wrote letters against her, went to California to fight her, and now approved her. 
There's nothing like something free there. 
He visited the Philippines in the early 1980s and congratulated Ferdinand Macros on his commitment to democracy. 
The question concerned the Supreme Court. 
As I said earlier, they have no ideas. 
You're exempting Social Security -- I don't want to tax or touch Social Security. 
I mean, they have elections coming on the 4th of November. 
Now, the president never explained to America, never, didn't do it tonight, where does the transition money come from, those two trillion dollars? 
My three brothers and I marvelled in front of my uncle when he was dating with his uniform, the weapon of his e.e. officers are the best of us. 
And I can't say how proud I am of her and her family. 
And I said, "Good blood, can't we -- can't we find some -- some women who are also qualified?" 
We used to -- you know, here we have a goal for minority set-aside programs, to try to encourage ownership in the country. 
That's why we have a plan to keep you safe and to repair this disorder in Iraq. 
We're going to move on to foreign affairs. 
And what they want is the ability to focus on some of the really important challenges we're facing right now, and that's what I've been trying to focus on this whole campaign. 
He encouraged them to do so. 
We talked about procurement. 
He made a statement about the army. 
I'd like to know... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: Because we don't want to broadcast to our enemies "put a date on your calendar, wait for us, and then come back." 
No, not at all. 
It's a tax in itself. 
If we invest in vocational training, in childcare for these young people, in long-term health benefits so that the mother and her children do not lose their health benefits when they go to work, we can literally help hundreds of thousands, even millions of families, to get out of social assistance, to become independent and self-reliant, to be taxpayers citizens and to improve their lives, quality of life, their future and the future of these children. 
Today, if you are an American company, you actually get an advantage to go abroad. 
We are the second lowest tax burden in the country, the second lowest tax burden in the country. 
We can also have an end to extremes. 
I want a top-down review to determine what our defence priorities and what we should do, and then follow this policy instead of this bottom-up review with all the services fighting for money. 
(Applause) SHAW: One minute from Governor Dukakis. 
They probably sat down and said, I can't believe it. 
We have a tax code, senator, which is actually designed to encourage entrepreneurship in Canada. 
Well, he raised my father's question -- it was a good line, well repeated and well delivered. 
I can't go into the details about them here. 
I look around the world, I don't see our influence growing around the world. 
Is that how it works? 
Quijano: ... spoke of an intelligence surge. 
Let me reaffirm our policy. 
I met our soldiers in our war zones. 
I think that tells the American people a lot about the standards we will set and the quality of the people we will choose to serve in our administration. 
TRUMP: Well, first of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a few words, and that's law and order. 
She'll never get rid of it. 
The enemy understands that a free Iraq will be a major defeat in its hate ideology. 
It started before it was even elected. 
The next question is for you, Senator Edwards. 
And with regard to friendship below the border and with the countries below, yes, no administration I know has established the relationship we have with our Latin friends. 
Next Tuesday's election day. 
OBAMA: I just have to respond very quickly, just to correct -- just to correct the file. 
Again, don't take my word for it. 
You were gonna go fast. 
It's time to ask another question. 
And I joined this team that is a team of mavericks with John McCain, also, with his history of reform, where we are known for setting aside partisan politics to just do the job. 
If an automobile company overproduced a certain model of Uncle Sam car does not intervene and buys the surplus. 
Senator Gore mentioned that we were elected to Congress together in 1976. 
And the manufacturers here in the United States who manufacture the same products cannot compete. 
Logistically, they're all ready. 
First of all, I would be afraid to be able to say something that was in progress or under negotiation, and thus expose it and put hostages in danger, and sometimes I think that some of my ideas might require a quiet diplomacy where you won't say in advance, or to anyone, what you think you're doing. 
And I think what we will do clearly is what we did in 1983 when Senator Dole served, and I think he did a good job when he sat on the Social Security Commission and made some modest changes to social security to ensure that it would be alive and well in the 21st century. 
And when I take it back and invest in the things I've talked about to move our economy, we're going to grow enough, it's starting to cut the deficit by half, and we'll come back to where we were in the late 1990s when we balanced the budget and paid that country's debt. 
Maybe it won't work. 
I was gone. 
It is a point with which our opponents do not agree. 
We're going to move you both to tax here and all those people who have been waiting. 
I think we can save lives. 
It seems to me that in this election the emphasis should not be on executive power, but corrections should come when voters vote for their members of the House of Representatives or for their U.S. senator. 
And with regard to public ethics, he has a responsibility. 
Governor Bush? 
I'm not going to answer the question. 
This proposal was rejected by the administration - a proposal submitted by its own administrator. 
I stand alongside the Secretary of State, Mr. Herter, who said that these islands are indefensible. 
We can debate the timeline, whether there is -- it's so short or longer. 
We have made good progress, and there is no doubt in my mind that the commitment to unemployment compensation, minimum wage, social assistance, national health insurance, the types of commitments that have characterized the democratic party since the long history of the country's political life are a very important element of the future. 
Bill Clinton, the president, and Al Gore, suggest that they will give us a tax cut, but only if we do exactly what they want us to do. 
It's a mistake. 
Sanctions are loosened. 
Mine is that I want to empower people in their own lives. 
It's gonna be a test of our strength. 
Doctors give prescriptions, recommend treatments, and then their recommendations are rejected by HMOs and insurance companies. 
But what would you do as president? 
I don't agree with what my opponent said. 
We believe that we generally go hand in hand with any kind of withdrawal of troops from Europe. 
I'm certainly not proud of that. 
BIDEN: No one should work two jobs, one job and be below poverty. 
We pay him by closing this loophole abroad. 
Firmness, but not the belligerent, and by no belligerent I mean that we do not respond to insult by insult. 
That's right, all right. 
TRUMP: ... tarif standard. 
- I'm talking. 
Now, with regard to my final remarks: I have always believed that this earth was placed here between the two great oceans by a divine plan. 
Fear of the environment, fear of the climate, fear of health insurance, fear of Newt, fear of Republicans, fear of Bob and probably fear of reducing tax rates. 
So it's in the file. 
Now, looking at the other parts of the world - South America - talk about our record and the precedent. 
It's kind of like what Senator Dole did when he sponsored the Americans with Disabilities Act and told some stores, okay, you have to make it accessible to people in wheelchairs. 
I wouldn't use American ground forces in Syria. 
We have given these four small Caribbean countries a chance. 
The following question was asked by Mr Drummond for Vice-President Nixon. 
- Mr. Kraft. 
Right next to the last one. 
On the contrary. 
Elaine, thank you for being here tonight, and, Governor Pence, welcome. 
Nuclear proliferation. 
Let us return to what the President was talking about, that is, what is happening in the world and to the President's statement that things are going so well. 
They told you at the tax and budget summit that if you accept an increase in taxes, we could balance the budget. 
And he listens to Donald on TV and he once told his mother, will he send me back to Ethiopia if he's elected? 
It wasn't a top-down approach, Governor. 
You must be able to negotiate our trade agreements. 
This is a tax reduction on Main Street, 15 percent from one end to the other -- let's take a family that earns $30,000 a year, or $1,261. 
Mr. QUIJANO: Mr. Governor, I give you 30 seconds to answer, because I know you want to, but again, I remind you that this is North Korea. 
So, the United States, seeking to preserve the principle of self-determination, to eliminate the possibility of bloodshed, to protect minority rights as we insisted on the rights of the majority, uh - I think I followed the good conscience of the American people in foreign policy. 
So quite on a partisan basis, instead of bringing America together and having a discussion on this important subject, you pushed through something that you and Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid thought was the best answer and led it through. 
What happened? 
RONNEY: I said we would provide guarantees, and that's what allowed these companies to go bankrupt, get out of bankruptcy. 
It is important for us to continue this matter. 
And he's leaving. 
He goes out and says that man questions my patriotism. 
And I'd talk about that kind of thing. 
And I hope in the next segment, you could put this down to rest. 
Mr. Nixon, how do you do that? 
It is the small business that creates jobs in America, and over the past four years, small business people have decided that America may not be the place to open a new business because new businesses are at the bottom of 30 years old. 
It doesn't make John McCain a bad guy, but it shows he's out of range. 
I will immediately enter into negotiations on arms control. 
Osama bin Laden will not determine how we defend ourselves. 
And everyone knows, including the Wall Street Journal, barely a friend of this administration's Democratic Party, that the 82-dollar inflation-adjusted tax increase he sponsored was the largest tax increase in American history. 
There are people who were worried about withdrawing from the fighting season. 
Let me come back to that in a moment, but I want to talk for a second, if I can, about what the President said about tax liability. 
And in the meantime, we must be strong enough to make sure that the Soviet Union never tries us. 
Do you support the current policy? 
Now what they want is not new laser-guided missile systems. 
My question is: Do you consider the twenty-seven-and-a-half percent exhaustion allowance to be unfair, and do you ask that it be reduced? 
In court. 
And this country cannot afford to have another four years of this kind of experience. 
Are we as strong as we have to if we want to maintain our independence, and if we want to maintain and hold the hand of friendship to those who seek us help, to those who seek us to survive? 
I think it's a big mistake, because I think we have to stay at the vanguard. 
We have a vaccine coming, it's ready. 
I don't think it'll work. 
We need to invest and grow. 
You can't carry a gun in a school. 
Only one reason. Sooner or later, you get 11 other boys who can run like the devil weighing 250 pounds and they could win district. 
So, can you solve this, if the Romney-Ryan ticket is elected, can you solve this in two months before spring and avoid nuclear -- nuclear... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: We can debate a time line. 
And I'll bring this pipeline from Canada. 
That is the fact that all the details must be known about Senator Obama's relationship with them and with ACORN and the American people will make a judgment. 
Africa is today the emerging area of the world. 
If you knew anything. 
But personally, I would rather deal with the other problems that put this lid on their nuclear program than being always faced with T.D. Donald never tells you what he would do. 
(Laughs) LEHRER: I'm wrong. 
Money remains in the social security system. 
Our opponents say things are fine. 
And his son was shot in the head. 
All right, let's go to a new topic, health care. 
I also presented to Congress and they have adopted a vast package of improvements in quality of life, which are very important. 
My time is almost up. 
FREDERICK: Mr Trewhitt, a very brief question for President Ford. 
Bob Dole did it, about, he had crossed the valley of the shadow and as commander-in-chief, he can take this country with Churchill's courage. 
That's what we do. 
Show the tape. 
They withdrew after Sergio de Mello was killed. 
Can I go for a second? 
And I mean, we move troops out of Korea and replace them with more effective weapons. 
So, I ask you, is it fair to blame the administration entirely for this loss of jobs? 
RIDINGS: Good evening from the civic center of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
Very exciting deduction for up to $10,000 per year in the cost of tuition at a college. 
Governor Thompson of Illinois did. 
There's still a lot to do. 
Mr. DUKAKIS: Yes, it is. 
In the oval office, there's a painting by Laura's friend and mine named -- by Tom Lee. 
And it seems to me that if you look, are you better? 
And I would be happy to discuss these other issues, but I can't believe he accuses me of being on both sides. 
I think I'll take over the role of moderator. 
Let me tell you where the greatest discrimination is. In public education, when children are taken to school. 
Governor Romney mentioned the Bowles-Simpson Commission earlier. 
And I got good people, like former Treasury Secretary Bob Rubin, for example, who showed how to balance budgets and give you a good economy, to help me cut those numbers and make them work. 
And I think we can go higher than four percent. 
And that's -- our nation is standing alone right now in the world in terms of power, and that's why we need to be humble. 
Banks are therefore reluctant to make loans, mortgages. 
That's not acceptable. 
I swore to the American people, after this fateful day of September 11, that we would not rest and get tired until we were safe. 
GROER: Governor Dukakis, as many American farmers face or suffer foreclosure, the United States is considering the possibility of forgiving a certain percentage of the debt of Latin American and Third World countries, do you prefer to give these countries a break in their loans and, if so, how do you explain that to American farmers who lose their land and livelihoods? 
It's pretty clear that it was a quota case, and just because a teacher was white and a black and they had the same qualifications, you know they decided who would stay there. 
I will lead you in an open and honest manner, and I ask you for your vote. 
Hon.LEHRER: Mr.Kemp, Senator Dole criticized the Speaker about Haiti, that he was wrong. 
President Trump, in this first segment, you go first. 
You are not turning national security into a political issue. 
And are you ready to repudiate him now? 
I'd like to start by offering you a deal, Jack. 
And... 
Boyd, the legal residence, to vote, is very different. 
We are for responsibility, and we are for high standards. 
Unfortunately, what the vice-president tells people is incompatible with everything they see every day. 
And also inner exploration yes, but not in the environmental treasures of our country. 
And the fact that you're going to college is great, but I want everyone to have a good education and we've worked hard to make sure that student loans are available to people like you, but I also want to make sure that community colleges offer opportunities for workers to re-educate for the jobs that are there right now and the jobs of the future. 
This one is about foreign policy. 
I appreciate their idealism, their sacrifices. 
I will take the strongest possible action outside the actual military action of our own troops, but I doubt that this is a possibility. 
They only saved $15 billion. 
They don't give you all the details that tax returns would do. 
You also have investments thanks to the confidence of a Cayman. 
They keep their forest. 
At the moment, Syria is fighting ISIS. 
A-6F, for example. 
And the suggestion that anyone in my team, if the Secretary of State, our United Nations. Ambassador, anyone in my team would play politics or cheat when we lost four of our own governors is offensive. 
Barack Obama, the first thing he did when he came to the U.S. Senate, new senator, hit my colleague, Dick Lugar, a Republican, and said, "We have to do something to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists." 
That is not appropriate to do. 
This is important because the next president will appoint three and perhaps even four Supreme Court judges. 
Mr President, we will now ask ourselves questions about domestic policy. 
A new granddaughter was born to my family... my granddaughter... three weeks ago. 
Do you believe that diplomacy and sanctions can solve nuclear problems with North Korea and Iran? 
But I couldn't completely neglect the beauty that surrounded me -- the Pacific over there, on one side of the highway, illuminated by the sunlight, the mountains of the coast rising on the other side. 
And if you enter into bilateral talks, they'll be happy to get away from the table. 
This is obviously a very delicate subject. 
First year? 
But more disturbing for some are some of the comments that were made by people in your own party. 
BUSH: I don't have any that I would like to ask him, but I would certainly like to use time to talk about the World Series or something like that. 
I therefore trust that General Petraeus, working with the Pakistanis, working with the Afghans, doing the same work he did in Iraq, will do it again. 
It brought down the crime rate. 
MEMBER_OF_AUDITENCE: Would you like to know what your opposition to Bill Brady Handgun is? 
What do you think of the science of climate change, sir? 
This means a lot to millions of Americans. 
Thank you. 
I was with the head of a big country, it's a forest town. 
22 years. 
It cost us some revenue. 
When? 
They left us a mess, and Obama would be – I think, the first to say – the biggest problem, he thought, that our country had. 
This election will set up a democratically elected government that will take over next December. 
What you did — and that's after you received a summons from the United States Congress. 
In fact, we have distributed free trigger locks in the state of Texas so that people can get them and put them on their weapons to make their weapons safer. 
We must win in q.d with the push that worked, we are now in decline for presurge numbers in Iraq. 
QUAYLE: This is a problem that deeply divides the Americans. 
When I met Xi, and when I was still vice-president, he said, "We're setting up air-identification zones in the South China Sea, you can't fly through them. 
And in a way, I should complain. 
I don't know what world he lives in. 
They must be judged on the basis of their qualifications. 
I do not blame Senator Bentsen for not talking about Gov. Michael Dukakis. 
They -- we had four... RADDATZ: Let's go to Iran. 
Health policies, energy policies and rights reform, what are your priorities in what order? 
He's so good with these computers, it's amazing. 
REYNOLDS: I suspect we could continue on this tax argument for a while. 
I know things about the Vietnam War better than anyone in the world. 
I met with the heads of government at the bilateral and multilateral levels. 
That's what... 
You have to take up to a trillion dollars from the social security fund. 
BUSH: The best way to eliminate pressure from our troops is to succeed in Iraq, to train Iraqis so that they can do the hard work of democracy, to give them a chance to defend their country, that's exactly what we're doing. 
Prayer and religion support me. 
Not true. 
We do not have preventive and primary care. 
It's not the presidential leadership. 
The Department of Energy has a budget of more than $10 billion. 
If you withdraw a trillion dollars from this Social Security Trust Fund, how will the cheques be -- how will you keep faith with seniors? 
Gentlemen. 
But I remember a statement from Lyndon Johnson when he was looking around him, why the people of his party weren't supporting him, and he said, "Hey, they painted their white tails and they ran with the antelope." There are many democratic white tails running with antelope. 
But there must be priorities, and the Middle East is a priority for many reasons, as is Europe and the Far East, our own hemisphere. 
Under the budget, ahead of schedule, we saved a lot of money. 
It's time for a fresh start. 
There was a chance to do it. 
If you are in the mid-40s under the Governor's plan, social security will be in bankruptcy when you retire, if it withdraws it from the Social Security Trust Fund. 
I didn't start naming names except for one person, and it was Mr. Richard Cheney I thought I did a good job the other night. 
I want to cut business taxes. 
When they talk about the fact that they're going to keep cutting that budget, I know too well what their record rack is. 
We stopped this practice now by measuring early. 
But you're saying you can... 
And first John McCain opposed it with many other people. 
He said: "It will not be a problem. 
Is there such a problem, sir? 
Mr. Maynard, the Register of Arms Control, whether it be a city or a certain State, did not show that the registration of a weapon, a handgun or the registration of the owner of the weapon had in any way reduced the crime rate or the use of the weapon in the commission of a crime. 
A journalist came to him to ask him a question, he said, "No, no, no. 
Now we have this incredible mess in Iraq -- $200 billion. 
The other thing -- all the other things I mentioned -- costs a lot less than that. 
And that is basically the wrong way to proceed. 
BUSH: What we've done is support Arab stores that want to fight international terror, quite different. 
It seems to me that we can go from there to the sale of cereals. 
If they had that money without these government restrictions, each of them told me that they could make big savings and make much more use of the money. 
But don't sit there dancing slowly for four years without doing anything. 
President Trump and I fight every day in the courthouses to prevent Joe Biden and Kamala Harris from changing the rules and creating this universal mail-order vote, which will create a massive opportunity for electoral fraud. 
I want to know what you would do in the first two years to make Congress go as fast as environmental issues, such as climate change and green jobs? 
We're trying to help people with disabilities. 
What we cannot do is go back to the same policies that have led us to such difficulties. 
Mr President, the most scandalous thing that your opponent said in the debate this evening? 
Senator Quayle has one of the worst voting files in the United States Senate on veterans issues. 
And yet, let us see what we have done for Poland, aid of half a billion dollars has been paid to Poland, mainly economic, mainly to go to the Polish people. 
And we would also strengthen this army, which means providing the equipment and training they need. 
We do these things, not only will your future be bright, but America's future will also be bright. 
The other side wanted to meet. 
MODERATOR: Your -- GORE: I think what -- I think that anyone would have trouble trying to make such a big tax reduction plan, which would put us in such a big deficit, which gives almost half of the benefits to the richest of the rich. 
The issue of education has not been addressed. 
But John McCain will not support a tax on exceptional profits. 
And it's great to be with you again. 
RADDATZ: What are the conditions that could justify a stay, Congressman Ryan? 
He promised to adopt a plan that would put 100,000 new policemen on the streets. 
And I said I was making a mistake. 
We cut taxes for 15 million working Americans. 
It has been decided that President Ford will take the first question in this last debate, and Mr Kraft, you have this first question for President Ford. 
I think the American people would prefer to hear about more substantial matters. 
You know, it's been strained by the pro-abortion movement in America to mean almost anything. 
They've minimized the gravity of it. 
And also the country that has just released three Americans that will help us create jobs in America because they will be a market for our goods and products without having to pay -- without us having to pay billions of dollars -- the billion dollars and more we have already paid. 
But, George, that's not an answer. 
It shows revenues — in fact, the revenues — which I have just looked at today — at $694 million for the past year, at $694 million. 
You must be... 
This is an indictment of weak and unfettered leadership... WHO: Senator Kaine? 
I'm a pretty independent thinker. 
The history of the New York Times — and we must get it — but the New York Times suggested that it probably did not pay taxes for about 18 years from 1995. 
He's already taken that out of the board, capital gains will continue to be at a low rate, so we -- we're not going to get money that way. 
That's what I thought we should do. 
He'll be asked by Sandy. 
And for eight years, I've been a member of the National Security Council. 
SMITH: Barbara, could you repeat the question for Governor Reagan? 
It's not gonna happen. 
Our unemployment rate is twice as high as in Italy; it is three or four times higher than in Japan. 
This is a big thing for d.d. companies when these people are going to put billions and billions of dollars in businesses, and when they're going to bring back 2.5 trillion dollars from abroad, where they can't bring back the money, because politicians like Secretary Clinton won't allow them to bring back the money, because taxes are so expensive, and bureaucratic red tape, so what they're doing is so much d. What they're doing is that they're leaving our country, and they're, believe it or not, leaving because taxes are too high and because some of them have a lot of money outside our country. 
We don't need any more mass armies. 
Let's take the principle of your warhead. 
You find yourself in a situation where -- you're talking about humiliation. 
One minute from Governor Dukakis. 
Now, the neighborhood schools. 
And believe it or not, without the support of the majority of people across the country. 
I think it's pretty liberal, I'm gonna put that label on it. 
We need a streamlined NATO command structure. 
They'll leave and you'll have a depression, like you've never seen before. 
The Secretary of Defense called those trillions of dollars in cuts to our devastating soldier. 
Neither the commission nor the candidates saw them. 
We added 1. 
There is no doubt about that. 
I see a man who is young and I put my trust in a whole generation of people who are in their 30 and 40 €. 
We have the most expensive health care system in the world; it ranks behind 15 other countries when we reach life expectancy, and 22 other countries when we reach infant mortality. 
And if Congress doesn't, if they can't get together and negotiate how to do that, then you'd have a receiver at all levels. 
I want to be the president who gets the balance of conventional forces. 
And second, let me tell you again -- MODERATOR: What's not true, Governor? 
They have already organized their retreat around these promises. 
And so he would do exactly the wrong thing. 
OBAMA: Well, Joe Biden, I think, is one of the best officials who served in this country. 
It's probably the biggest thug that's ever been told in this campaign. 
What I think the American people would like to understand, it has been investigated to some extent, but -- but the administration has exercised the executive privilege of preventing all information from coming out. 
We expressed our regret for a flight over East Germany under this administration. 
The president says I'm denouncing these troops. 
We can't keep spending money we don't have. 
I know I'm wasting my time talking to you, but it's really unfair of you to applaud -- sometimes louder, less louder -- and I ask you, as guests here, and polite, to abstain. 
PENSION: Anything 
BUSH: In 1990, a large coalition was formed to drive Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait. 
And it is the fundamental difference between a Clinton-Kaine ticket and a Trump-Pence ticket that wants to punish the women who make this choice. 
Senator Bentsen, you have criticized the Iran-against case, but tell me, does the Dukakis-Bentsen ticket have a realistic plan to free American hostages in the Middle East in time? 
The question really is: which candidate and party can answer the problems that the United States will face in the 1960s? 
It's up to me to be flexible in Medicaid so that people at the bottom of the range can buy there and get their needs covered, and then also - I don't want to see us mandate at all levels that every company has to do, because I really think marginal operators will go and say, "We can't do it." 
I can tell you at the same time that we will ensure that we look at what is happening in Pakistan and that we recognize that what is happening in Pakistan will have a major impact on success in Afghanistan. 
And that's the debate. 
Our CHIPS program made a late departure because our government only meets four months over two years, Mr. Vice-President. 
We have built more schools in the last seven and a half years than we have built in the previous seven and a half years, indeed in the last twenty years. 
Mr. MITCHELL (spoke in French): Mr. Vice-President, Governor. 
And tax relief was important to stimulate consumption and investment to get us out of this recession. 
And the exit strategy needs to be well defined. 
And I was proud of it. 
But we have work to do. 
It is because they no longer present the kind of viable economic climate that allows the industry to stay or settle in. 
And, unfortunately, he did not go to war as a last resort. 
I think we should keep the guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them. 
We also have 50 percent of doctors who say they will not take more patients into the health care plan. 
I don't think you should support the death penalty to avenge yourself. 
Farmers are not the victims of everything that this administration has done. 
We could speed up. 
Let me give you some advice. 
And we're guilty of it. 
We never criticized his patriotism. 
Mr. GORE: The question I remember was family leave and medical leave. 
He had the ability to make weapons, and he would have made weapons. 
If you own the earth, every day is Earth Day. 
We must also provide an adequate supply of enriched uranium. 
The chairman of the Republican National Committee, Senator Thruston Morton, said earlier this week that you owe Vice-President Nixon and the Republican Party public apologies for some strong accusations made by former President Harry Truman, who clearly suggested where the Vice-President and the Republican Party could go. 
Mr. WALLACE: I would, however, like to answer that question. 
Because it is the stimulation, the incentive for companies to come out and explore for oil, to develop it. 
The next question is for you. 
But you can't do it simply by balancing the budget. 
MODERATOR: Let's move on to another -- GORE: I think it's about herself. 
Our army is supposed to fight and win the war. 
Compared to four years ago, we were much better off. 
RADDATZ: Who answers a civilian chief. 
But I think it's inconceivable, Ann, that we should talk or think about imposing new taxes on the American average when there are billions there, over $100 billion, in taxes that are not paid. 
This is part of what happened in Afghanistan, where we rushed to Iraq, and Senator McCain and President Bush suggested that it was not so important to catch Bin Laden right now and that we could go through it, and it cost us a lot. 
When you try to do that, there is no question, but what you just encourage more hostage taking. 
But if I look at the facts as a businessman, it's so inclined, the first thing you should do is say, guys, if you like these things so well, we'll give you the deal you gave us. 
It was a bipartite commission, a study of two respected economists, which indicated that we could raise some $40, 45, 50 billion of these funds. 
Hello, Rod. 
Millions and millions of people at work. 
And indeed, whenever it has increased, you will see that there is an increase in minority unemployment among young people. 
And it was an intelligent gesture because there are gas reserves up there. 
PENCE: When President Trump and I took office, America had experienced the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. 
MCCAIN: ... reduce this -- I can -- we can do it with this kind of energy-independence job creation. 
Well, we're on stage tonight together, Donald Trump and I. Donald, it's good to be with you. 
We have a plan. 
If you were to be called upon to assume the presidency, would you follow Mr Reagan's policies or would you take up some of your ideas? 
I'm going to do these things, because that's what's right in America: helping workers in the transition in all respects. 
My question is not, who were your heroes. 
He and his racing companion did not run to vote when they could have done so in the Senate. 
Beyond that, as far as gold supply is concerned, and as far as gold movement is concerned, uh - we have to keep in mind that we need to get more help from our foreign allies in this great enterprise in which all free men are involved to win the battle for freedom. 
I made a commitment to do it. 
Colin Powell will be on someone's ticket in four years. 
That's what I hope I can talk about tonight. 
With this kind of limitation on federal spending, we can fully justify the tax reductions I have proposed. 
And I also think it is very important to go to the next stage of social assistance reform. 
That's right, so, Mr. 
And we know that further diplomatic efforts are under way. 
The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was, in fact, not even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. 
He says he wants to give the richest per cent of the country's population $40 billion in tax relief over five years, and we're going to pay it. 
PAGE: No, no, you're Senator Harris for me. 
We have to drill offshore, my friends, and we have to do it now, and we can do it. 
He voted against even for what they call LIHEAP, for help to people, with oil prices passing through the roof in winter. 
There is a big difference in our economic plan. 
Russia decided it was in Syria. 
And those pessimists who say it can't be done, I'm sorry, I just have a fundamental disagreement with them SHAW: Gov Dukakis, your one-minute answer. 
But to indicate in advance how we will respond, to indicate the nature of this answer would be incorrect; that would certainly be inappropriate; it would not be in the best interests of the United States. 
It's a crisis. 
It's unconfirmed. 
The most important good things that happen in America happen in families. 
They might have wanted to do it. 
It took me about three years to completely reorganize the government of Georgia. 
They have to make a profit and tax on businesses, capital, work and families is too high and it -- we want to reduce this regulatory burden and tax burden in a new Dole/Kemp administration. 
The point -- the point is -- the point is, we need to look at each government agency. 
I want to make sure the pay to take is around and starting to grow. 
You will have 4 million people who will lose the Medicare advantage. 
Absolument. 
I didn't judge who should be the Secretary of State. 
We're not talking about Third World drugs. 
So, after President Gingrich and Senator Dole took over from Congress, I went to New Hampshire and a man suggested -- a gentleman who unfortunately passed away a few days ago, suggested that we appoint a commission. 
There are still more than 600 tons of unsecured material in the former Soviet Union and Russia. 
These are my principles. 
TRUMP: I'll tell you very_well, just very simple to say. 
This HEROES law is sitting there. 
First, Jim, I'd like to respond to what the governor just said. 
Because they could go back worse than they were. 
TRUMP: If we had listened to you, the country would have been left open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. 
I think you need to deal with the Russians by force and we need to understand that you need to have a strong modernised nuclear deterrent, but I think we can make substantial progress and we need to take advantage of it. 
I have to... PENCE: That's the order you should make. 
He's been wonderful about it in everything that's going on. 
It's a lot less than that. 
I made it clear when I went into the office. 
And what we are not going to do too, Gwen, is that we cannot afford to provide incentives for new jobs through energy policy, creating new jobs. 
This is a related question that will be asked by Kenneth Allen. 
No one in the debate committee or in the two campaigns has any idea what these issues are. 
And in return, get a fifth of the benefits, because most tax cuts go to people at the bottom of the economic scale. 
Life begins at conception in the judgment of the church. 
It's totally wrong for him to stand up and say that. 
But it is very difficult for Republicans in Congress to support a comprehensive reform of immigration, if their standard holder said that it is not something I am interested in supporting. 
Of course. 
If they need more troops, they'll ask us. 
It seemed to me that most of the arguments were partisans, Republicans, Democrats, Left, Right, Liberals, Conservatives. 
I think that is the way to kill jobs and continue to harm our economy. 
And we'll keep it solvent. 
But in our great society, would it not be much more logical, in this sweet and kind society, if we had a program that made it possible when incidents occur where someone feels that he must get rid of this unborn child, that we make it available for adoption? 
It's a deal. 
SMITH: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, Governor Reagan. 
Now, not only the oil and natural gas we have invested in, but also, we need to make sure that we build the energy source of the future, not only by thinking about next year, but in ten years, in 20 years. 
And it's not two or 20 billion, as you said. 
The signs appear to indicate a deterioration that could lead to the establishment of a permanent subclass in cities. 
But this country has a long history of neglecting its military needs in peacetime and paying it with heavy losses when we are caught without being prepared. 
As Congress enters into session to go to work, have these plans ready to go to Congress. 
It is a false standard, but if you notice, Gwen, the governor did not answer the question on deregulation, did not answer the question of defending John McCain about not going with deregulation, leaving Wall Street running wildly. 
The President has always maintained his position and has always been able to obtain advice from his cabinet and other advisers without divulging them to anyone - including in fact in Congress. 
Not only that, he's talking about Iran. 
When my grandfather fought in World War II and came back and got a G.I. 
Now there are all kinds of good ideas, bright ideas, great ideas about health care. 
Mr President, as moderator, we are going to talk about VOCID in the next segment. 
They are innocent victims of greed and excess on Wall Street and Washington. 
They're on track to do that. 
So I spent a year and a half bringing together a coalition that included Russia and China to impose the most severe sanctions in no time we led them to the negotiating table. 
When you see Khomeini attacking his radical Islam that resorts to government-sponsored terrorism, it's very difficult. 
CHENEY: You won't be surprised if I don't agree with Joeâ€TMs description. 
He understands that it is a global conflict that extends from the United States to Jakarta. 
Dick Cheney is considered a small business. 
My message to the troops is also: Thank you for what they're doing, but it's also help on the way. 
It doesn't allow people to save. 
They are half, now of what they were when we took office, and with my policy of controlling this deficit, they will be much less. 
I will be prepared not only because of my service at Congress, but also because of my ability to communicate and lead. 
Most people want to see their own doctor. 
He and John McCain are a good man, but John McCain thought the answer was that the real Republican response tried, deregulating, e. o what you had was that you had overwhelming "deregulation." 
And when the Soviets know that they will have this strong president to manage, and when this new administration, Mr. Chernenko, having more than a few months in office, can consolidate his position, then they will speak. 
The United States television and radio stations and their affiliated stations are proud to offer the two main presidential candidates the opportunity to discuss the issues that arise in the current political campaign. 
I can't imagine what it would be like to be isolated because of the race and arrested and harassed. 
And now we're back, because we've strengthened the defenses of this country, and believe me, I don't want to see us back at that time. 
But on the other hand, when we look at the different programs it offers, they don't seem to be new. 
We hope you look. 
Over the next 2 weeks, we're going to go to full diet to make sure you get a voice and get your country back. 
What would you say to this American hero about this campaign? 
If necessary, a questioner may ask a follow-up question for further clarification and, in this case, the candidate has up to two minutes to answer. 
Let me tell you about the reform that we are pushing. 
I know it was controversial, but Al Gore and I thought it was important in the short term to reach the strategic oil reserve, to take some of the oil we have, to put it on the market, to show the major oil companies and OPEC oil-producing countries that we have resources with which we can fight. 
Yet you and Senator Kerry both say that you are opposed to it. 
I have seen the suffering, thousands and tens of thousands have died and are dying. 
Seven administrations were in charge of Mr. Noriega. 
And my opponent was not willing to support this action. 
Here again, you can say what you mean a month before people are invited to vote on this subject, but we listened to the debates.I think that tomorrow morning the experts will start doing what was said at that time and we will have proof of that, but again, John McCain who knows how to win a war. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: No, no, I had a question and the question was how much did you cut them? 
He did not have the help of the administration, of Congress, to carry this out. 
There is the Republican Guard in Iran, that Senator Kyl had an amendment to declare them godfather of terror. 
We don't have time for on-the-job training, my friends. 
Because that's how we elect a president in this country, and that's how we should. 
I had a person in the oval office who lost a child in a school bus accident where a drunk driver caused the accident directly, but there were problems with the school bus. 
I also want a bridge to the truth. 
Dukakis uses this issue politically, rather than treating it responsibly? 
But we cannot do this if we are not ready to return Iraq to its country. 
And one of the things that makes us grow as an economy is when everyone participates and women get the same good business as men. 
Since that day, our country has put in place a multi-pronged strategy to ensure the security of our country. 
And coal, coal production is not on the rise; coal jobs are not on the rise. 
We're going to focus on the middle class, because it's -- when the middle class is growing, the economy is growing and everyone's fine, not just the rich and the American business. 
See? 
And it would be really good to know who the President of the United States, the Commander-in-Chief, owes money because the American people have the right to know what influences the President's decisions. 
And we have two fundamentally different visions of America. 
And when the strategic weapon and the Soviets said, well, we don't like this proposal, we said very well, we'll be more flexible. 
This is your question first, Senator Obama. 
BRUNO: Vice-President Quayle. 
First, Governor Romney talks about small businesses. 
Mr FRANKEL: I am sorry - can I just follow - to tell you, Sir, that the Russians do not use Eastern Europe as their own sphere of influence in the occupation of most of the countries there and in - and to make sure with their troops that it is one - that it is a communist zone, while on our side of the line Italians and French always flirt with the possibility of communism? 
Mr. BRUNO: Mr. Vice-President, let him say his thoughts, and then you can come in. 
Small businesses - you must have capital, you must credit, and many of them need mentors or coaches. 
The 5 per cent of taxpayers will continue to pay 60 per cent of the income tax collected by the nation. 
Joe Biden said twice in last week's debate that he was going to abrogate Trump's tax cuts. 
China should enter North Korea. 
Because you know what? 
In Kingsbury Hall tonight, we have a small, socially remote audience and we took extra precautions during this pandemic. 
PAGE: Vice President Pence, you were on the front line at a Rose Garden event 11 days ago, which seems to have been a super-dissemination event for senior officials and congressional representatives. 
Good evening, Mr. Howe. 
I've appointed prosecutors, I've appointed defenders. 
I'd hit that kind of thing from the ticket. 
The postal service delivers 185 million mails a day. 
You know, Elizabeth, I really respect your -- the feeling that's in your question. 
And I wasn't the one who let the polluters into the congress halls, into the halls, and rewrite the environmental laws. 
Under the last democratic administration, 60 per cent of all weapons entering the Middle East were destined for Israel. 
Well, I want to tell you, President Bush, that "we" is the people of the United States of America. 
And the president of South Korea returned to disoriented and embarrassed South Korea because it went against his policy. 
Because these are low-paid and low-skilled jobs. 
And I ask you to commit yourself to this journey with me. 
You'll be very lucky to answer, so don't worry. 
But why don't you trust women? 
They're looking for help. 
CLINTON: I think trade is an important issue. 
The unemployment rate was below 4 per cent. 
That's not true. 
And that's why I'm sure our brighter days are still early. 
And so, Brecklynn, when you think about the future, I think the future is bright. 
And it's from Norma-Jean Laurent. 
KERRY: The UN, Kofi Annan, offered help after the fall of Baghdad. And we never picked it up on that and did what was necessary to transfer authority and to transfer reconstruction. 
As President, would you be prepared to sign a treaty that, at a given date, gave rise to administrative and economic control of the canal area and a shared defence, which, in my view, is the position taken by the United States in 1974? 
Oh really, he didn't get three and a half million? 
And if we have not learned from the history of the negotiations on this subject, we will never learn. 
What I have proposed is to reduce regulations and streamline them for small businesses. 
And by the way, another powerful one is the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started is the Iran deal. 
Mr. Mondale, could you describe your religious beliefs and whether you consider yourself a Christian born again, and explain how these beliefs would affect your decisions as president? 
LEHRER: Well, Senator Dole, let me ask you the same question I asked the chair: How do you avoid being influenced by people who contribute money and services to your campaigns? 
BROKAW: Senator Bentsen, you were a businessman before entering the U.S. Senate. 
Our system of government - despite Vietnam, Cambodia, CIA, Watergate - is still the best system of government on earth. 
From a practical point of view, Mr. Speaker, do you agree with the governor when he says that the middle class, taxes on the middle class -- do your figures agree that taxes on the middle class have increased over the last -- BUSH: I think everyone pays too much tax. 
I remember clearly that I was working on another subject. 
You remember the Boston senator singing there and the ridiculous factor of that Texas lady who was there; I mean, come on, it was just scandalous. 
He tried to double the franchises and give people less in return. 
Then you can answer it. 
If we had done what Senator Obama wanted to do in Iraq, and we had set a date of withdrawal, which General Petraeus, our Chief of Staff, said the president of our joint chiefs of staff, would be a very dangerous path to follow for America, then we would have had a broader war, we would have been back, Iranian influence would have increased, Al-Qaeda would have restored a base. 
Now, let's look at the priorities. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: That brings us to the final statements. 
LEHRER: Two minutes, how do you see the lessons of Iraq, Senator Obama. 
Wrong. 
We need to do aggressive research and reach out to help those in particular need. 
We can't impose it, but we have to feed it and that's the kind of thing I would do as president -- follow these three commitments in the future. 
I'd love to, because you can't do it the old-fashioned way. 
CLINTON: And it's pretty clear... TRUMP: You're the puppet! 
The Presidential Debate Committee is the sponsor of this event and the three other presidential and vice-presidents' debates that come in October. 
Quijano: Please, senator, I will give you a chance to respond. 
I'll tell you that I'm the type of person, I don't hire or fire someone based on their sexual orientation. 
And that's why I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack the Americans. 
We've had more deployments in four years than the previous four years, and I'm 61 years old. 
I'm telling both political parties. 
He describes the problem well. 
Elaine, let me tell you why I trust Hillary Clinton. 
I would like to know, in particular, what changes would you encourage and require in American lifestyles in the use of automobiles, housing, land use and general consumption, in order to respond to problems that will not respond to campaign lullabies on minor conservation efforts and more production? 
The FBI director said unlike the white suprematists. 
So the question is, what changed your mind? 
It didn't destroy jobs. 
I'm Bill Shadel from ABC News. 
Governor Romney, as you know, you've won the change, so the first question will come back to you. 
In the civil rights cases he mentioned, the large number of cases they have executed, the reason why they have applied them because under the law they are required to do so. 
First of all, on the question of partial or so-called late birth or abortion, I would sign a law prohibiting this procedure, provided that doctors have the capacity to save a woman's life or to act if her health is seriously at risk. 
The answer is to invest and develop this economy. 
There are nearly 40 million Americans who are working full-time today and who do not have any health insurance. 
Mr. Ryan? 
And prosecutions are up about 68 percent -- I think -- is the number. 
At some point, I want to answer. 
We're going to spend $25 trillion -- we're going to collect $25 trillion in revenue over the next 10 years and spend $21 trillion. 
And if you want me to go, I'll go e.t. here — there's a choice, and it's a choice about life. 
Premiums have increased. 
The discussion period now. 
But let's be clear: Marks represent $18 billion in last year's budget. 
Turns out it was wrong. 
You know, if you're a country and you're trying to get support from another country, then you want to do everything you can to get them to act cooperatively. 
So the problem is - it's not that the job is too little taxed or the person who works - the woman working in a factory is too little taxed. 
Imagine what would have happened if those sanctions had been put in place earlier. 
People want to be safe. 
They had eight years to do something about Medicare. 
People working in Washington, D.C. for the U.S. Congress or the U.S. Senate. 
But if I see tens of thousands of ballot papers being manipulated, I can't go with that. 
Regarde. 
Because what I proposed... TRUMP: And look at mine, too, and you'll see. 
The rest of the world practises the capitalism of the twenty-first century. 
to question, refute, or simply comment on his opponent's statement. 
We're not at war. 
I'm going to give you one, this HMET, this heavy truck, which costs what it costs $850 million and the Pentagon didn't ask for it, and yet, a member of Congress, a very powerful one, put it in the budget. 
I'm not going to be the kind of president who says you're getting tax relief and you're not. 
We need to keep this online. 
It's the American way. 
People, they don't have a plan. 
And that is where the President's inability to control, in my opinion, the essential elements of arms control cost us a great deal. 
And this is important because by doing this we cannot only reduce the deficit, we cannot only encourage employment growth through small businesses, but we are also able to make the necessary investments in education or energy. 
Well, I basically disagree with that. 
We want businesses to grow. 
It's a sick art form. 
And that requires a firm, strong and determined president. 
We only compensate — we are 25%. 
The question arises: what will be their position on the environment? 
BUSH: Well, I think there's a big difference between Mr. Kyprianou in Cyprus and the free world leader, Ronald Reagan, in terms of meeting. 
We have no free trade. 
For our country, for our future, for the principles we believe in Walter Mondale and I have just begun to fight. 
Mr. Trump? 
GORE: The first priority must be to put an end to the violence, by reducing the tensions that have arisen there. 
And this is an example of the kind of advocacy we need, because women are increasingly the breadwinner. 
And as a matter of principle -- and my situation is unique, and I understand -- I would take absolutely no compensation; I would go like their servant. 
East -- R.C. 
According to the record of recent years, would you say that your views are consistent with those of President Arthur Burns? 
And I've met some of the greatest people I've ever met in these communities. 
- No, it's not. 
But when a president of a U.S. man, or a former president, he has an obligation not to lose his temper in public. 
The best way to defend America in this world where we live is to stay offended. 
Come back and talk about the army, but to the end. 
But with regard to special rights, I am opposed to homosexual marriages, which the president signed well after midnight one morning in the dark of the night. 
I mean, I think we should be allowed to maybe... RADDATZ: No, we can — no, Mr Trump, we will continue. 
Make sure it's completely transparent. 
I look at our economic plan because I'm worried about the future of young people. 
Learning to live with it? 
Someone has to take responsibility for it. 
We can now impose an no-fly zone. 
I think he made an inappropriate comparison between what happened there and what happened during the civil rights movement, and we immediately issued a statement saying that we do not think the comparison is appropriate. 
That's not true. 
I just want to make sure they're safe. 
There will be nine different segments covering domestic and foreign policy issues. 
Our opponents won't. 
Alan Greenspan, President of the Federal Reserve, says there is no way that Social Security can retire what we promised them unless we recalibrate. 
It's ambiguous, it's contradictory. 
Would you like to answer that? 
So we're doing exactly the right thing. 
Help local school districts build new buildings so that our children do not learn in the classrooms that collapse. 
Mr. VALERIANI (spoke in French): Your administration has a policy of normalizing relations with mainland China. 
The Americans are hurting tonight, they're angry and I understand, and they want a new direction. 
Take and release, you know what he's talking about? 
That's one of the things I think makes a big difference between us. 
It's the rising side of the sun, not the sunset side of the sun. 
It creates jobs. 
Mr. Vice President. 
Its donors have made massive tax savings. 
But I am thinking about the concerns of the American people about my commitment, I am here tonight, people; I have never stopped supporting you as you put me on the ballot paper in the other 26 states; and when you asked me to come back, I came back. 
The facts are facts and the records are documents. 
But more importantly, we have reformed the system to ensure that we resolve the problems early, before they are too late. 
Libya has understood that America and others will apply doctrine and that the world is better for it. 
CLINTON: I agree that we cannot engage ground forces to get involved in the Bosnian quagmire or the Somali tribal wars. 
In fact, you humiliate the sacrifice of our allies when you say it's the wrong war, the wrong place, the wrong time, and oh, by the way, send troops. 
For the time being, all the President is providing is humanitarian aid. 
I believe that this struggle will continue, and it may well be decided over the next decade. 
In my tax reduction program for middle-income taxpayers, I recommended that Congress increase personal exemptions from seven hundred and fifty dollars per person to one thousand dollars per person. 
We need to change that. 
Secondly, we must invest in economic growth in that country, in all regions of the country. 
Because here's the deal, here's the deal. 
In accordance with agreed rules, the first question will be addressed to Governor Carter. 
We want to reform the education system. 
If I had to recommend it again, I would recommend exactly the same course of action. 
And you know what happened? 
What we're saying is that tax rates are lower across the country and that they fill the gaps, especially for high-income people. 
And I can't let it go, because it's not true. 
Isn't it time to stop creating images? 
This is not particularly specific. 
There is a $750 billion tax reduction over a five-year period. 
Mr. BROKAW: Senator Obama, the economic constraints on American military action around the world. 
REAGAN: Yes, I used -- "last resort" would always be with me. 
And now it turns out it could be 1800, and they don't even know. 
This creates tens of thousands of jobs across the country. 
We do not need to be an opponent in any way, form or form. 
But this is the fundamental problem I have with John's policy on terrorist instability. 
With the Arab Spring, there was great hope that there would be a shift towards greater moderation and greater participation of women in public life and economic life in the Middle East. 
Have the previous Republican and democratic congresses and administrations, including this one, done their job to protect the American people? 
But my strategy is broader than that. 
We have seen an increase in coal production and employment in this sector. 
He's trying to say it was six. 
Darn, it was predatory lenders who tried to convince Americans to think it was smart to buy a $300,000 house if we could only afford a $100,000 house. 
(LAUGHTER) But for those who have not made their decision, I would like to conclude with this promise. 
And I have a lot of young people working in my office, working in my campaign. 
Where is it too wide? 
The economy is slowing down, so it is difficult to anticipate what the budget will look like next year. 
And that's not what's been done in the last four years. 
In fact, Mr President, in 1997 we repaired health insurance, and I was one of the people concerned. 
No, I'm a gentleman, Hillary. 
They should say that this is the most important thing we do as a state. 
PENCE: We said that we will meet the obligations of health insurance. 
This is a giant game, in my opinion, worthless. 
I thought the administration was against the midgetman. 
I'd like to get an answer from the three gentlemen. 
This race is too close. 
As long as people have comments. 
I'm not going to allow this to happen. 
But the fact is that we have to give people the choice in America and not give them things and give them the ability. 
We have a professor at Notre Dame, very respected by all, she says is the greatest student he has ever had. 
Today's system has been very important for many older people, and I really appreciate the intentions of the current system as I mentioned. 
I hope he'll give me the same. 
Why the change of heart? 
I was in about 30 primary schools in the spring, and at first it was obvious that I had no position in the survey. 
Another thing that is very, very important. 
And you know, one of the reasons why I'll have so many judges? 
And the final judgment on the future of the nation - war, peace, involvement, reluctance, reflection, care, consideration, concern - must be made by man in the Oval Office. 
All parents are much less afraid that their children will face the nuclear holocaust. 
But we have the opportunity -- we have the opportunity to use our research and development capabilities, the great technology of the United States, to make our army lighter, harder to find, more lethal. 
It is now time for closing statements, which must last up to four minutes. 
TRUMP: That's not what you said and that's not what your party says. 
I was at Kentucky and I talked to the Dyhouse family. 
The vice president says you're wrong. 
We also have capital gains now for those who invest in new small businesses and hold the investment for five years. 
Keep your own doctor. 
7 million jobs in the economy. 
These are tumultuous times, but we can and will have a respectful exchange on the great issues facing our nation. 
One of the worst things we can do is not to set high standards, in fact to tell a young person because of his or her ethnic origin or income level, we don't have the same kind of expectations of you as we have of all the others. 
And I need everyone's help across this country to make it go through Congress in a substantial way. 
What specifically do you say about what the Vice-President said tonight, he said a lot, several times, that your tax reduction benefits the highest 1% of the richest Americans, and you heard what he said. 
And this example that President Eisenhower has given, we will continue to follow. 
I think I'm a pretty nice guy. 
The largest, before the arrival of VOCID, the largest economy in history, the smallest number of jobs – unemployment, everything was good. 
There is no doubt about that. 
H1-N1, you were a disaster. 
He said we needed a magic wand to bring them back. 
He did a great job of getting South Africa's Prime Minister, Mr. Vorster, to agree that the time had come to find a solution to the problem of Rhodesia. 
I went there. 
What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women. 
The same applies to motorways. 
His words are incitement to genocide. 
And I think you will. 
We have increased oil production to the highest levels in 16 years. 
Important retention issues. 
And we have good privates so that individuals can choose for themselves where they live and we sell these units to many of those who want to buy them. 
And — and once we have done all this, which will enable — which will strengthen our economy, strengthen the rule of law in the country and make our communities safer once the extraterrestrial criminals leave, then we will deal with those I just have to say — I was listening to the avalanche of insults that came out of Senator Kaine a minute ago. 
I mean, we cut defence spending too much in the first place. 
This year, the deficit narrowed by $21 billion compared to last year, mainly due to the increase in government revenues without increasing tax rates. 
I sent the American Marshals. 
Secondly, I don't think we should sell weapons to people who shouldn't have them. 
We now have $120 billion in imports, 3 million jobs lost, and farmers have their worst year. 
You said that we should not adopt nuclear treaties with Russia despite the fact that 71 senators, Democrats and Republicans, voted in their favour. 
OBAMA: That's what we've done, we've made some adjustments, and we're presenting it to Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan... ROMNEY: But you've been -- but you've been president for four years... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: You've been president for four years. 
Why am I here? 
And so the fundamental question of this campaign is: Who will keep the economy growing so that people can work? 
We're going to have a new Congress, and we're going to tell them, you listened to the voters as we did. 
We entered only just before the elections, as was the case in 1972, when Mr. Kissinger announced that peace was within reach just before the then elections. 
And what did you do right after the election? 
Hon.LeHRER: It's a great time for our next segment, and it's the role of the government. 
I think it's appropriate for us to be on campus at a university tonight. 
It hasn't been dismantled. 
I think we should have an unparalleled educational system. 
It's wrong now. 
Where are the newspapers? 
I grew up five blocks from Arkansas. 
We ended the war in Iraq, refocused our attention on those who killed us on 11 September. 
So you're going to have to place -- replace a $12,000 plan with a $5,000 cheque that you give to the insurance company. 
What we questioned was his judgment. 
Let her answer it, please. 
It has progressively repressed most of the freedoms we expected nations to observe, and it has shown more aggressive behaviour, of course, in Georgia. 
My opponent has had problems, we have been criticized, with our policy in Angola. 
Vladimir Putin. 
And that means that we can have tough and vigorous debates on the issues. 
That is why we must return to the Paris Agreement. 
Here's what happened: At the time they were in office, in the last four years, 1. 
You can't afford four more years like the last four years. 
I believe, in other words, that we have seen the local communities and the state assume more of this responsibility. 
These people depend on us all for the little security they have, and I'm not gonna do it that way. 
CLINTON: The tax increase I proposed triggers a family income of $200,000 or more. 
AUDIENCE_QUESTION : Merci. 
What it'll do is create thousands and millions of jobs. 
And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion. 
However, the study after study showed little progress in desegregation and, in fact, the real increase in schools and separate housing in the northeast. 
And all you care about is making money. 
I'll tell you what PAYGO means, when you're a senator from Massachusetts, when you're a colleague of Ted Kennedy, paying means: you pay, and he's going forward and spending. 
Mr. Kemp voted against the Clean Water Act, against the renewal of the Superfund Act. 
I think we had a very healthy discussion. 
You also have investments outside the United States. 
And that's what I intend to do as president. 
Uhh - and I think uh - we tightened it; we uh - fixed their problems that have developed in recent years. 
One of the things we need to recognize, therefore, is to pursue the same policies we have pursued over the last eight years, which will not reduce the deficit. 
And what's funny is that California, which is normally above the national average for inflation and unemployment, for the first six years, was below the national average for inflation and unemployment. 
We invented the automotive industry and the fact that we're so far behind is something we need to work on. 
CLINTON: Don't the thousands of people you laughed at during your business deserve some kind of apology from someone who took their work, took the goods they produced, and then refused to pay for them? 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Mr. President, have a new question. 
He had two characteristics. 
Our differences are our strengths. 
Before going to the polls, voters want to understand the stakes and know the candidates' positions. 
And I have put forward a series of proposals to ensure that we protect taxpayers as we participate in this important rescue effort. 
And that's what he's gonna do as president. 
Their budget has decreased by $270 billion in Medicare, and their budget has withdrawn the national guarantee of health care for poor children, families with children with disabilities, the elderly in nursing homes, and poor pregnant women. 
I think it will depend to a large extent on what we are doing here in the United States, the kind of society we are building, the kind of force we are maintaining. 
Meanwhile, the special prosecutor, in the last few days, after an investigation himself, said that there was no reason for him to get involved because he found nothing that would justify him. 
How do you respond? 
I've been the victim of a fake witch hunt for three years. 
So I think people will look for trust and experience. 
We raised about $1.2 trillion through income tax. 
Ten days before I took the oath as president, they had 21% and a half. 
Many of them have lost their lives. 
In the last quarter, the growth rate was 4.7%. 
And since I made this proposal 15 months ago, the price of gasoline, which was then $80, has increased to about $1. 
Being the candidate for my party's vice president is the greatest honour I've ever had. 
We forgive you. 
And instead of signing promises to Grover Norquist not to ask the richest of us to help bring back the middle class, they should sign a commitment saying to the middle class that we will equalize the playground; we will give you a chance again; we will not repeat the mistakes we made in the past by having a different set of rules for Wall Street and Main Street, ensuring that we continue to hemorrhage these tax cuts for the super rich. 
That's the only reason to be. 
Welcome to this third and final debate between the three main candidates for the presidency of the United States. 
This is simply not true. 
We pass laws to grant family leave in circumstances such as this, exempting small businesses. 
May God bless you all, and above all, for both of us, selfishly, may God protect our troops. 
Admirals Spruance and Callins in 1955 said that we should not attempt to defend these islands in their Far East conference. 
We need to make sure we harden our chemical sites. 
I think we have another clear difference between you two. 
I can assure you that you all have sons and daughters who serve in our army, President Donald Trump not only respects but reverences all those who have served in our armed forces, and any other suggestion is ridiculous. 
Senator Harris has just said that climate change is an existential threat. 
And I'm going to fight for the American worker as hard as I fight for my own job. 
Because Judy, as you said, it happened too often in the past. 
He's talking about market art. 
They cover 98% of their population and their insurance premiums are much cheaper than the rest of America, just like Rochester, New York. 
He talked about how to raise funds to help cities. 
We have an extraordinarily high unemployment rate in urban ghettos in the city centre, especially among the very poor and especially among minority groups, sometimes 50 or 60 per cent. 
What are we waiting for? 
These years included years 9/1. 
A moment ago, for example, he indicated that in the 1950s, for example, unemployment was very low. 
Before I ask you for your closing remarks tonight, I would like to invite our viewers and listeners to go to art. g, where you will find tonight's debates and the three that preceded tonight's debate. 
He was the head of the Public Procurement Committee, which conducted two cases, both in the District of Columbia. 
Secondly, as we look at this unemployment problem, we need to see where it is. 
He is on both sides of the question. 
When it comes to making the university affordable, whether it be two or four years, one of the things I did as president was that we sent $60 billion to banks and lenders as intermediaries for the student loan program, even if the loans were guaranteed. 
Give us a balanced budget amendment. 
I'm not gonna change. 
Senator Bentsen? 
The governor, since the democrats led our foreign policy, including many men who advise you, the country has been relieved of the agony of Vietnam and the military project, we have started negotiations on arms control with the Russians, we have opened relations with China, we have organized disengagement in the Middle East, we have resumed our influence with the Arabs without abandoning Israel, now perhaps we have even begun a process of peaceful change in Africa. 
It is only for those who are so poor that they are eligible for Medicaid that they can obtain this freedom in most states, with the exception of governors who want to deny the people who are poor Medicaid. 
The fact is that I have chosen someone who will not only be a great vice-president, but if, God forbid you, something happens to the president, could enter this office and do so with distinction, strength and leadership. 
Someone called it stubborn. 
The biggest problem you have is that you will turn off 180 million people with their private health care, that they are very happy with. 
I don't think there's any bad guys, but, boy, that's the rotten system. 
And we took them to the negotiating table. 
But at the same time, if you want to leave Medicare, return to the general public, we will provide jobs. 
I had never worked in Washington as an elected official. 
They're also starting to worry about North Korea. 
Their son, Brett, was in bed next to our son and they couldn't pay their medical bills. 
Let's do something better. 
I negotiated in Vladivostok with Mr Brezhnev a limit on the MIRVing of their ballistic missiles to a figure of thirteen twenty, which is the first time that any president has reached a ceiling either on launchers or on MIRVs. 
I am running for the presidency as an independent because I believe that our country has problems. 
FERRARO: Are you saying that I should have fought during the war to love peace? 
And what I'd tell her is, we don't have to settle for this. 
But I promise you, America: I will do it the same way as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan and John Kennedy and others, where we build the strongest alliances, where the world unites, where we have the best intelligence and where we are ultimately able to be safer and more secure. 
I'll take the pledge. 
I think we need to do much more with our technology companies to prevent ISIS and its agents from using the Internet to radicalize, even direct people in our country and in Europe, and we also need to step up our airstrikes against ISIS and finally support our Arab and Kurdish partners in order to actually remove ISIS in Raqqa, end their claim to be an e.e. made progress. 
Mr. MITCHELL (spoke in French): Mr. Vice-President, you have completely excluded any change in social security benefits, even for the rich. 
So I'm happy with that. 
The rate of regulation quadrupled under this president. 
WALLACE: I want you to give me the opportunity to talk briefly about this, and then I want to turn to a sixth of the economy... TRUMP: And it will be as bad as NAFTA. 
I spoke to a number of them. 
So we passed the Kassebaum-Kennedy, the Kennedy Kassebaum bill, which will cover about 20 to 25 million people. 
I just think it's wrong to withdraw money from programs that help to build basic skills for children, 90 percent of them are in public schools; to withdraw money from programs that help fund the school lunch program, help fund other programs, help our schools improve their standards. 
I think it is very important to reduce the debt and eliminate it completely. 
And so, I don't think that the Patriot Act abridges your rights at all. 
He just increased the tax reduction. 
We're just opening on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I can't do it in one way, I'm going to Pennsylvania Avenue R.T. We're gonna open the Old Post Office. 
I was - broken up with my party in 1985, one of the first three democrats to fight for a balanced budget when he was heresy. 
HEARING_QUESTION: And forgive the notes here, but I'm shy on the camera. 
I was talking about Mr. Ford. 
They will return together on 15 October and again on 19 October, and next Tuesday there will be a debate between the three candidates for the position of Vice-President. 
But what I'm also saying is that for more than $250,000, we can go back to the tax rates we had when Bill Clinton was president. 
What's happening to the area? 
And I'm not the one who compared the president of the United States rotting from a dead fish from the head down. 
I'd like... [crosstalk] PENCE: Honestly, senator. 
But let's talk about what the Ford administration has done in the field of the environment. 
And, number four, we need to make sure that we help the owners, because the fundamental problem here is the seizures that take place across the country. 
These are constitutional rights, and I want to make sure we have judges who interpret the U.S. Constitution in accordance with the law. 
And I think that's what we should focus on, that we are trying -- I know that there were weeks and weeks of testimony before a Senate committee, that there were medical authorities, that there were religious -- that there were clergymen -- that everyone was talking about this proliferation issue. 
And this will happen automatically, in my opinion, because I put pro-life judges on the court. 
That's the problem. 
No, not at all. 
Let us remove political action committees, special interests. 
We're lucky she's running the commission. 
We were caught in a global slowdown. 
His name was Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. 
The proposal to reduce the health insurance that Senator Dole had already put forward, and to close the government to try to enact, would have already increased the average couple's health insurance costs by $268. 
I want to be the one who banishes chemical and biological weapons from the surface of the earth. 
And the best way to do it is to see how he handled the problems of the day. 
You realize, senator, that every job abroad has three supporting jobs. 
Yes, well, let's start the clock again, Lester. 
REAGAN: The degree of unpopularity of a regime when the choice is total authoritarianism, I must say, in the alternative government, makes one wonder if you are useful to the people. 
Crime is hate. 
I was a strong force for reform. 
That's right. 
I spoke to President Aquino. 
(Laughter) BUSH: Governor Clinton must operate under a balanced budget amendment -- he must do it, it is the law. 
Governor, what are you -- opposed to affirmative action? 
Put it on the site. 
Barack Obama still cannot admit the push he knows when we ended up in Iraq when the Iraqi government can rule its people and when the Iraqi security forces can secure its people. 
I'm sure of it. 
Jimmy Carter - Jimmy Carter's grain embargo restored the American farmer. 
Our opponents will spend $1. 
Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes for this. 
They said the problem is, no matter how much you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. 
He's got flying feathers. 
When Congress moves forward and puts unrequested bills and unnecessary expenses into appropriations, let the President put a line through it, return to Congress and let Congress vote on it again. 
BROKAW: Senator Bentsen, I would like to ask you about your divided personality during this election year. 
They all do. 
I am Chris Wallace of Fox News and welcome you to the first of the presidential debates of 2020 between President Donald J. Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden. 
Because we cut the deficit four years in a row. 
I must say that I have not done a very good job of introducing myself to the presidency, and I am well aware of that. 
And he's -- he's freezing two problems. 
Barack Obama a eu raison. 
Am I wrong? 
Will our children be better off? 
I support the choice of school. 
KEMP: I'm going to answer the question, but for information, I'd like to publish the letter to our friends in the press of the letter I got from the magazine "Money", suggesting that Bill Clinton wanted and reduced the cost of living allowance for the elderly as a means of reducing social security. 
Secondly, the multilateral force withdrew for one reason: we withdrew because we were no longer able to carry out the mission for which we had been sent. 
She and her husband made us grandparents almost a year and a half ago, and yet if she forgives me, when she was little, she brought in a home disk that had horrible words in it and Tipper hit the ceiling. 
We've always had at least 7 percent. 
And I'm fighting to allow you to get these drugs from Canada, and I'm fighting to let Medicare survive. 
The NAFTA agreement signed by her husband is one of the worst agreements ever signed by anyone. 
When I was a grown-up in Los Angeles, a family whose median income could have sent four or five percent of their income to the federal government. 
We think we know how to do it. 
They see, when they say these options are on the table, the Secretary of Defense brought them back. 
She's gonna be as good as anyone who served in this yard. 
PENCE: Senator, the... KAINE: That's what Donald Trump thinks. 
They were opposed to the creation of a department of internal security, and then they were. 
Of course, we cannot control the Senate. 
That's right. 
I heard you say on TV, "The media made me do it." You were trying to defend your cup that wasn't a cut either, reducing spending growth. 
Warren Buffett took a huge deduction. 
And — as soon as the audit is complete, you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal election, where I filed a financial statement of 104 pages, essentially, the forms they have. 
This is a very important moment in our country's history. 
In fact, women's wages fell by 2.2 per cent. 
MASHEK: Mr.Vice-President, Democrats and even some Republicans continue to express reservations about the qualifications and qualifications of Senator Dan Quayle of Indiana, your chosen candidate, to be away from the presidency. 
No, I'm sorry. 
The unemployment rate fell to 8.4% last month. 
Lock your wallet because it comes right after you just like Jimmy Carter and just like you're going to get -- you're going to end up with 21% interest rates, and you're going to have inflation going through the roof. 
Ronald Reagan found his personal warmth as an extraordinary political asset. 
These three books, which I read during the last spring and early summer holidays, have had a very definite impact, because what former President Nixon and Senator Richard Lugar were talking about was a foreign policy as it approached the 21st century. 
We must now lead the world to combat proliferation as a whole. 
Listen, Putin... WALLACE: Wait, but... TRUMP: ...of everything I see, has no respect for this person. 
So you add it up. 
But it's a bad experience. 
And it would have put very strict control on who owned a handgun. 
It's time for them to take responsibility. 
Maybe that's not true, but I think so. 
Senator Quayle, there was a lot of discussion during this campaign on the family. 
I said, with Dick Lugar, before we went to war, if we went to war without our allies, without the kind of support we need, we would be there for a decade and it would cost us tens of billions of dollars. 
public reports not long ago on ships that could not leave American ports due to a lack of crews. 
And Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of citizenship based on the birthright. 
But I know that if the President of the United States and the Congress of the United States and the people of the United States said, "I believe our nation is greater than we are now. » 
Even though we removed 850,000 of the rolls of food stamps because they made an income that was above anything that justified their fellow citizens having to support them. 
When the Asian financial crisis raised the risk of a global recession that could affect our economy, and now, of course, the value of the euro has diminished, but seems to be under control. 
If I had made such a statement, it was in direct opposition to this treaty. 
Biodegradable plastic-plastic-gasohol, in which the Vice-President participated, road deicing made from maize products. 
And looking around here, in this group here, I think there are only three people here who are going to be affected: the president, me, and, Charlie, I'm sorry, you too. 
Governor Clinton, 1 minute, sir. 
Your 401K's will go to hell and it will one day be very, very sad for this country. 
And maybe that's just our difference in government, the way we look at government. 
Mr. BRUNO: Go ahead, senator, admiral. 
What I want to argue is how are we going to do this to have a positive impact on impacts? 
And yet, he asks everyone to vote for someone he can't defend. 
The program that the president -- two-thirds of the budget, as president, I never have to look, never touch. 
But I would not hesitate to ask the American people to pay taxes even in 1991 - if necessary - to maintain a healthy economy and also to maintain a healthy dollar. 
I have to correct Senator McCain's story a little, which is not surprising. 
The automotive industry is the number one market for steel. 
I'm a former vice president. 
Even if we did it after the elections themselves. 
Actually, Governor, that's not what your plan does. 
REAGAN: The social security system is based on a false premise as to the speed with which the number of workers would increase and the speed with which the number of pensioners would increase. 
Say it? 
BUSH: Carole, the thing that saved us in this global economic slowdown was our exports, and what I'm trying to do is increase our exports. 
It is the wind, the tide, solar energy, natural gas, nuclear power, drilling at sea, which Senator Obama opposed. 
Is Iran talking about peace in Iraq? 
The Persian Gulf. 
Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter — just take a look at CNN last week's interview with your former campaign manager. 
You said you paid state taxes, taxes on employees, real estate taxes, property taxes. 
You - Mr. Truman arrived at the office in nineteen uh - forty-four and at the end of the war, and uh - difficulties that were faced in the United States during this transition period - 1946 when price control was lifted - so it is quite difficult to use an overall figure taking seven and a half years and comparing them to the last eight years. 
Tell me what your strategy is. 
Are you trying to get it in both directions? 
John McCain said shortly after that in December, he was surprised that there was a subprime mortgage problem. 
I'm not sure he can resist those people who lent him money. 
But go, briefly. 
A $4 billion tax advantage for your family. 
What would you do, in particular, over the next four years to reverse this trend. 
MCCAIN: I think pure investment in research and development by the U.S. government is certainly appropriate. 
Is it -- is it because in one way or another middle-class families will benefit too much from them? 
We have ten and a half million more jobs, a rate of employment growth faster than under any Republican administration since the 1920s. 
Mr. President, your rebuttal. 
You cannot wage the war on terrorism if you continue to change your position on the war on terrorism and say things like, "Well, it's only a great diversion." 
They must withdraw from South Ossetia and Abkhazia. 
Are you for that without quotas? 
Because you're so interested in a poll that could have come out, or because someone had said something mean about someone else. 
What will you do to ensure their protection and how will you pay for it? 
And the way to make sure that they understand that is by having, from the very beginning, the most stringent sanctions possible. 
You can't say public order. 
In fact, they say that the rich are getting richer and that the poor are getting poorer as part of your policies. 
Is the Middle East in tumult? 
Don't be mistaken. 
The correspondents are free to ask questions in the field of foreign affairs. 
I don't want to hurt their feelings on national television. 
I know Senator Kennedy suggested yesterday, in his speech in Cleveland, that this committee had not been particularly effective. 
I apologize to the American people. 
I'm not aware of any program -- well, I'm just gonna leave that to that. 
National Defence, and how we will preserve freedom in this country. 
The wholesale prices of natural gas in our country are on the rise. 
We haven't done enough. 
In this last part, Mr. 
That is something we can do; Congress has failed to do so, and we intend to do so. 
But I want to bring another subject here. 
TRUMP: ... extremely hard on Hillary, his family, and I thought, "I can't do it. 
This country is divided between those who say they are pro-choice, and I am sure, very sincerely, and those of us who say they are pro-life, it is a very emotional problem. 
I don't think we're going back to the cold war. 
That's the problem. 
Two trillion dollars. 
MONDAL: Absolutely, and I've proposed over a hundred billion dollars in federal spending reductions over four years, but I'm not going to remove them from social security, health insurance and student assistance and things -- [applause] -- that people need. 
And we treated him responsibly, and I think Captain Miller's testimony to that effect is the best evidence. 
And under the law, every taxpayer is allowed, when he sells a house, and buys another house, to get the overthrow. 
Given this, may I ask what priority can we expect from you to give this forgotten element of national security? 
RYAN: It is expected that 7.4 million seniors will lose their current coverage of the Medicare Advantage. 
She said a lot of things that were wrong. 
Over the past 21 months, more than 6 million people have found a job - there have been new jobs for these people where there are now 105 million civilians working, where there were only 99 million before; 107, if you count the army. 
WIEGHART: Mr. President, much of what you said affects the quality of life of many Americans - their income, their way of life, etc. - but there is one aspect of quality of life that lies beyond the private sector that has to do with our neighbourhoods, our cities, our streets, our parks, our environment. 
Quality control of health care is different. 
Oh, no, I'm not closing the nation, but there's, look, they need standards. 
We're losing our job. 
We have made progress in Northern Ireland, in the Middle East. 
Nothing will ever tell me, if she is president of the United States, nothing will happen. 
Of course, we change tactics when we need them, but we never change our beliefs, the strategic beliefs that are necessary to protect this country in the world. 
When we think of Russia, remember that we are thinking of many countries now. 
That's what we call extreme control. 
The American people deserve to know, Quasem Soleimani, the Iranian general, was responsible for the deaths of hundreds of American soldiers. 
And let me add the word security; it must be done with maximum security. 
Governor Pence, I will give you an opportunity to respond. 
He's attacking us about the troops. 
That's when President Reagan delivered a welcoming speech at home - like America, we were so excited to see them again. 
Well, one thing. 
We do not have the right to vote. 
But I can say that, uh - I'm doing my best to get through it, and over the next ten days, the American people will not see the Carter campaign running television ads and newspaper ads based on a personal attack on President Ford's character. 
Now, the opening statements and President Clinton. 
Keep in mind that a factory worker has nothing to do with anything but to put him on the floor of the factory. 
Through our programs, we have been able to significantly reduce defence spending. 
MCCAIN: First of all, I will not repeat the mistake that I very much regret, and that is to say that after we were able to help Afghan freedom fighters and drive Russians out of Afghanistan, we basically washed our hands in the region. 
No, let's move on to another subject. 
Is that what you have in mind? 
You said you needed guts and a will. 
And another is to stimulate investment and savings. 
But this progress is only the beginning. 
I have received a full report from these two distinguished countries... gentlemen. 
But we must recognize that every human life is precious and that there must be all the protection we can give to an unborn human being. 
There are areas of empowerment, but you have to do what Bill Clinton and Al Gore want you to do. 
That wasn't true. 
In my tradition of faith, it is -- it is written in Matthew's book: "Where is your heart, there is also your treasure. » 
And that leads us -- it leads us to the next part, governor, the longest American war, Afghanistan and Pakistan... ROMNEY: Bob... SCHIEFFER: Governor, you can go first. 
We put more money per child in education, and we don't do what we should. 
Now I do not know what Senator Kennedy suggests when he says that we should help those who oppose Castro's regime, both in Cuba and outside. 
An election could be won or lost with that. 
There's only one problem. 
I hope that our European friends will become peacekeepers in Bosnia and the Balkans. 
It's not improving our health care system. 
STOCKDALE: Well, we have to -- we have to clean the barn, if I can quote my boss, and start getting that investment money on the street so we can get, and encourage entrepreneurs to build factories. 
The Miranda case, uh - the Burger Court, uh - is changing gradually, and I am glad to see that there are steps taken by the Burger Court to amend the Miranda decision. 
I think the Wall Street Journal reported not too long ago that they have one hundred and twelve public relations experts working for the Federal Energy Agency to try to justify to the American people their own existence. 
And maintain enough force to deter potential adversaries from launching a war in the first place. 
[Applause] WALTERS: I'm sorry to do that, but I really need to talk to the public. 
I don't know where he finds those numbers. 
She went to her toe with Russia as Secretary of State to make the new START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpiles. 
Gwen, I think the record speaks for itself. 
There is a fundamental difference of opinion here. 
I don't think it's the problems that turn the kids off. 
At least that's what I read. 
Each candidate can still respond, of course, to the other's answer. 
And peace comes to the land, and prosperity. 
And I think what others could do for our country and for themselves if we did the welfare reform in the proper way. 
Second, the surest way to reverse this economy is to increase the role and size of the federal budget. 
prudent projections for the next five years, indicating that this plan would result in a balanced budget by 1983. 
I worked on the food stamps program, proudly. 
And that's why I hope people will check this for themselves so they can see that, yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help children and families. 
And I stopped them, I admit. 
In Iraq, we saw a threat, and we realized that after 11 September, we must take the threats seriously, before they fully materialize. 
Does anyone think Bob Dole, who almost gave his life for his country, who served in the Senate, who helped save social security, came out of a fox hole on Riva Ridge, in northern Italy, in 1945, to save an injured radioman? 
We fought against her. 
That's when you try to use this to undermine the integrity of private policy -- or private religious faith and the use of the state is there -- for the most personal decisions of American life -- that's where I draw the line. 
But Joe Biden will. 
Go ahead, Mr. President. 
But we will have control that is as hard as it must be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and s.t. It's important to us as a politician, you know, not to say, as Donald said, we're going to ban people based on religion. 
And I don't think John McCain made the promise he wouldn't be able to keep either. 
Mr. Ryan, I'd like to ask you some questions about -- the Romney campaign is talking a lot about no excuses. 
It's off the coast back in the country. 
They will have more than Britain in the relatively near future. 
It only grows to about two and a half percent. 
She said, "It's not enough to want peace, you have to believe it. 
And the idea that we are in a situation and are going to destroy Medicare — that's the guy that Medicare's actuary said: "If in fact — and, social security — If, in fact, he continues to retain his social security tax withholding plan, social security will be bankrupt by 2023, without any means of compensating for it. 
That was the president's plan. 
Merci beaucoup. 
And with regard to abortion, the Democratic Party said it was safe, legal and rare. 
But we have 2,478 specific recommendations from a commission of more than 2,000 business people across the country, through the Grace Commission, that we are currently studying -- and we have already implemented 17 per cent -- that are recommendations on how to make government more efficient and cost-effective. 
I support the position of the President. 
Time's up. 
He's been in the U.S. Senate for 20 years and he hasn't addressed it. 
And in many cases, they are here illegally, illegal immigrants. 
And in this case, good intentions, of course, are a desire for peace. 
Now, tell me who's standing on the side of the fence. 
was invited to enter. 
The fact is that there is racial insensitivity. 
I do not want the federal government to pay teachers' salaries directly. 
Is that the government? 
That is what we want America to be for our children and n.o.s. Also very myopic and even dangerous to engage in the kind of demagogic rhetoric Donald has about Muslims. 
And the next time you hear them say, "Don't worry, we'll have some rich to pay their fair share," be careful, the middle class, the tax bill comes to you. 
Thank you, Senator Bentsen. 
Anyway, it's for another debate. 
He had two terms in Congress. 
SMITH: The next question Mr.Vanocur asked Senator Kennedy. 
BOYD: For my follow-up, I'm going to borrow a sheet of Sunday night's debate between your directors and ask you what is the only question you would like to ask your opponent here about foreign policy? 
Question: Lorraine. 
We're 13 years old. 
Vice President Biden, your answer? 
You have to choose. 
But you can't do it by cutting Medicare. 
OMAMA: Bob, I think it's going to be important to just -- I'm going to answer those two particular allegations that Senator McCain made and that have attracted a lot of attention. 
Not until 1996 -- I don't want anyone to smoke. 
Barack Obama will change it. 
But of course, we had a democratic Congress and they didn't want to do that. 
I have three very special people with me tonight: my wife, Elizabeth; my daughter, Robin, who never let me down, and a guy named Frank Carafa from New York, with Ollie Manninen who helped me in the mountains of Italy a few years ago. 
First of all, when we and our allies -- the Italians, the French and the United Kingdom -- entered Lebanon, we went there at the request of what remained of the Lebanese Government to be a stabilization force as they tried to establish a government. 
Yet there are those who would say that the government is involved, and the consequence of this involvement was 1.5 million abortions in 1980. 
So now there are five voices talking to Kim Jong Il, not just one. 
By granting pardon to former President Nixon, part of your raison d'être was to put Watergate behind us to - if I can quote you again - really put an end to our long national nightmare. 
And I might be better in four years, but I don't know. 
He said he'd launch military strikes in Pakistan. 
This is how you determine whether children are progressing towards excellence. 
It is essential to protect him. 
And it is the first president in 72 years to preside over an economy in America that has lost jobs, 1. 
Our plan extends health insurance to ten years in the future. 
It would be catastrophic for the President of the Federal Reserve Council to become the tool of the ruling political party. 
And by the way, my tax reduction is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. 
As the only Arctic state in the nation and governor of that state, Alaska feels and sees the impacts of climate change more than any other state. 
But I looked the voters in Virginia in the eye and I said, look, it's my religion. 
And I want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. 
Secondly, if the Soviet Union believed that it could defy the United States with any kind of nuclear force, or otherwise, if I were in a position of leadership in that country, it would be assured that it would face swift, concise and certain reprisals. 
GORE: We demolish outdated projects that have not worked and replace them with new units that work. 
And, please, this is an emotional problem for so many people in this country... RYAN: Of course. 
But — but as soon as my routine audit is complete, I will publish my feedback. 
On the resolution of the neutralists, to which we were so opposed, the same thing happened. 
I have no problem with what the archbishop does, and I have no problem with what the right evangelists do and I have no problem with what the left priests do. 
And talk about someone who doesn't have a relationship with foreign policy. 
There are many, many people who can't get the tests they need when they need them, and because of that, they die unnecessarily. 
The Israelis and we know -- we'll know if they start the process of building a weapon. 
She said that. 
The Americans got to know Sarah Palin. 
BUSH: He complains that our troops do not have the right equipment, but he voted against the $87 billion supplement I sent to Congress and then published one of the most amazing quotes in political history: "I did vote for the $87 billion before voting against." 
But here — there's a choice, and it's a choice about life. 
We all make mistakes. 
If we choose change, we will have to reach the inside of ourselves to find the courage to take a new direction. 
Governor? 
I am very concerned about the morality of our country now. 
This was the first meeting between President Bush and President Gorbachev. 
I said I agree with the administration policy. 
I preferred the other bill and thought it would be better for the elderly and provide better care than the one that was finally passed. 
Governor? 
And as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all our allies, but we're losing billions and billions of dollars. 
I certainly didn't think I had to hire American troops to throw him out of where he had gone, and that was the only way to do it. 
You work with Congress -- listen, let me say it that way. 
I met children in Ohio, parents in Wisconsin, Iowa, where they go on the Internet to get the cutting-edge body equipment to send to their children. 
I started with a $1 million loan. 
May I ask you to ensure that your questions and answers are as brief as possible, in accordance with clarity. 
It sounds silly here, but can we get involved? 
And that would allow us to deal with developing nations in a position of strength. 
ELLIS: Governor Reagan, over the past four years, the consumer price index has increased from 4.8% to more than 12%. 
We should unite whites and blacks and people of all cultures. 
But I believe that my plan could offer an opportunity for this, if we go in these areas and let, with the tax incentive, encourage the private sector, develop and create jobs for the population. 
Our troops behaved well. 
That's why I asked for an investment of $15 billion a year over 10 years. 
You can keep your choice of doctor. 
We choose people who are open-minded. 
I therefore believe in flexibility, I believe in a national reading initiative for local districts to access with K through 2 diagnostic tests, a program that works, the phone works, moreover, it must be part of our program. 
Fourthly, I have suggested that medical care for the elderly - and the bill that Congress passed and that the Speaker signed if fully implemented would cost the Treasury a billion dollars - out of the treasury funds and a billion dollars by the states - the proposal that I have put forward and that many of my party members support for social security-funded medical care; that would be funded by social security taxes; that is less than three hundred a day per person for medical care, physician bills, nurses, hospitals, when they retire. 
If you care, why don't you veto him? 
These preconditions would apply that we would not legitimize a face-to-face encounter, a person like Ahmadinejad. 
Vice President Gore, you wondered if Governor Bush had the experience of being President of the United States. 
You have to tell me once that you have stood up with the leaders of your party on a single major issue. 
This money, I think, should be invested in rebuilding the base of our cities. 
For the first time, the Arabs and Israelis sat face to face and began this process to try to move the peace process forward. 
President Bush has made the decisions; he has been tested, he has the experience, he has the qualification, he has the integrity to be our President for the next four years. 
He said in his speech that he wanted to make sure that the right people get tax relief. 
Yes, ma'am, here in the front row. 
I met some parents on the Internet who got the armor to send their children. 
I supported him. 
Gentlemen, I was given a bad word a while ago. 
It means a lot to a lot of people watching us tonight. 
And, by the way, I could say that with respect to the 25 per cent reduction in social security -- before arriving at the answer to your question -- the only 25 per cent reduction that I know was with this huge increase in the 1977 tax was a 25 per cent reduction in benefits for all Americans born after 1916. 
You never called the leaders of Portland and Oregon to call and bring in the National Guard and shoot down 100 days of riots. 
Now, I am a clear-speaker man and I learned a long time ago that your word was your bond. 
6 trillion go to the big tax cut that, as Al Gore said the other night, sends 43% to the top 1%. 
We need to talk about what we will do that they haven't done. 
It was a church on Sunday morning and grace before r. t my Christian faith became real to me when I made a personal decision for Christ when I was in first year at university. 
It weighs heavily on a state like California. 
John McCain voted to cut off troop funding. 
What is happening in South Africa, where, for example, the Nobel laureate, two days ago, said that the administration was perceived as working with the oppressive government of South Africa. 
I can answer that. 
You know I mean what I'm saying. 
GIBSON: The next question is Senator Kerry, and she's from here, from Randee Jacobs. 
While I suggested we should take it. 
Senator McCain, in a hurry to go to Iraq, said, you know what? 
We can know who the people are, that they really are who they say they are when they cross the border. 
My colleagues are John Mashek of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Ann Groer of The Orlando Sentinel and Peter Jennings of ABC News. 
And that's why in this campaign I'm telling you exactly what I want to do. 
He says that's what distinguishes him from the other two. 
I would simply say before that that I believe that in this area, the laws that should be passed, with regard to the major national emergency strikes, are those that will give the President more weapons to deal with these strikes. 
And here's my tax reduction. 
GROWTH: Governor, Governor, if I could, the question was about those assault weapons that were previously prohibited and are no longer prohibited. 
Mr. President, let me assure you that part of the audience watching this panel has not been as well as possible, any torture and agony. 
Do you think that these answers would somehow solve the bitter conflicts that occur there? 
They'll know all about our problems. 
Hon.LeHRER: Senator, go ahead and finish your sentence. 
And he's trying to make you believe that because he wants you to think I'm changing my mind. 
The next question will be asked by John Mashek. 
The man loves his wife and I like him very much. 
There can be all kinds of crises, Governor. 
I said that his tax reduction plan, for example, raises the question of whether this is the right choice for the country. 
A size isn't suitable for everyone. 
Tonight's debate is the only one with a city hall format. 
If you were president, could you charge China and please be specific, what would it look like? 
I think after three debates, the good people in this country understand that there is a difference of opinion. 
The Democrats, the Republicans, the Independents, the people across our country. 
Joe Biden will be 78 years old. 
I guess I'm counting more on the individual. 
A commitment to continue the progressive reform of health care with the next step that will help people between jobs access health care and not lose it simply because they are unemployed for some time. 
And we can do this in an environmentally friendly way. 
And many of us, on the Republican side, admired him for that. 
The idea of changing, and changing being in this case to reduce the benefits for people without taking any other steps you could do to make it work is absolutely the wrong way. 
A stable government must be established. 
You're gonna have a rehearsal for the last four years. 
President Trump and I have great confidence in the American people and their ability to take this information and put it into practice. 
We're paying $4.7 billion. 
Many of these election year conversions, the president talks about drug money, and everything else, this whole tobacco-free campaign took place in 1996. 
Their budget reduced the enforcement of the law for the Environmental Protection Agency by one third. 
And an Iranian nuclear program is not acceptable to us. 
And at its own pace, it will take 13 years to secure these weapons in Russia. 
We have pursued Al-Qaida wherever Al-Qaida is trying to hide. 
He put an end to the principle that polluters should pay for these toxic waste landfills unless it is very recent. 
It's kind of Washington, D.C. Focus. 
We support them in their efforts and will continue to support them until the Iraqi people get up and do what the Serbian people have done in recent days, get rid of a despot. 
The one in the health field deserves to be mentioned. 
And I'm optimistic. 
We are now launching it for discussion. 
And our field commanders will tell us when these conditions have been met. 
But as far as policing is concerned, since it can have literally fatal consequences, I said in my first budget that we were going for money in this budget to help us deal with implicit prejudices by recycling many of our police officers. 
He's honest. 
(CROSSTALK) GROWTH: Mr President, may I... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ...the choice of this election will be the one whose promises will be more likely to help you in your life? 
OBAMA: For -- so if you're -- if you're 54 or 55, you might want to listen because that -- it will affect you. 
COOPER: But for the record, do you say that what you said on this bus 11 years ago is that you didn't really kiss women without their consent or that you didn't catch women without their consent? 
You do not tell countries that you will unilaterally renegotiate agreements with them. 
And so we can be a partner with China. 
I'm Martha Raddatz from ABC News. 
Each of them alone might seem rather trivial, but I think that together they create a model that needs to be asked. 
I have major disagreements with my opponent on these and other issues that will be before the Supreme Court. 
John McCain is here with a "all the above" approach to addressing the impacts of climate change. 
But we will have to have Washington leaders who not only establish better regulations for the financial system. 
If we find someone who illegally sells a weapon, there must be a consequence. 
And that's why I think it's important that the Chair set a tone that says we're all going to contribute, that we're all going to make sacrifices, and that means that, yes, we may have to cut some spending, even if I disagree with Senator McCain about a general freeze. 
You're going to have 120 to 150 new members of Congress. 
This is slower than last year and last year was slower than the previous year. 
I can do better. 
I am Pauline Frederick of the NPR, moderator of this second of the historic debates of the 1976 campaign between Gerald R, Ford of Michigan, Republican candidate for the president, and Jimmy Carter of Georgia, Democratic candidate for the president. 
And they were deeply concerned because they feared that there would be another increase in professional misconduct insurance rates because of what they believe to be frivolous lawsuits and that it would make them out of business. 
Time's up, governor. 
We need to encourage business. 
This is Ahmadinenene (ph), Ahmadinejad, who is, Ahmadinejad, who is now in New York, talking about the extermination of the State of Israel, eliminating Israel from the map, and we will sit, without preconditions, through the table, to legitimize and give a platform of propaganda to a person who marries the extermination of the State of Israel, and therefore give them more credibility in the world arena and therefore to say, they have probably done the right thing, because you will sit on the other side of the table and who will legitimize their illegal behavior. 
My plan is social security more. 
We are a debtor nation. 
Now, as far as the environment is concerned, it is one of the worst administrations in modern history. 
If you stop the drugs, no one will use them, so don't smoke, don't drink, don't take drugs. 
You want a microphone? 
And I do not suggest that there is no poverty, but I suggest that the way out of poverty is through real opportunities. 
OMAMA: Well, I want to thank Senator McCain and Bob for being moderate. 
RADDATZ: I want -- we're -- we're almost running out of time here. 
That is why I think it is important for the United States, for example, not to have this rigid ideological restriction to help families around the world make an intelligent decision about family planning. 
But I think we need to find out where racial profiling is going and do something about it and tell local people, do the right thing. 
These commitments that the Democratic Party has historically made to the working families of this nation have been extremely important for the growth of their stature and for a better quality of life for them. 
Some people have difficulty believing that this is possible. 
Jim, let's go back to... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...oil, tax relief, and then businesses going abroad. 
It's on tape. 
A further 2,300,000 receive them... 
We hope to control the Assembly, obtain a majority in this election. 
Bob, anyone can play with those votes. 
You'll have a hospital and providers that won't accept any more medical insurance patients. 
I think we need to respect that. 
And we will continue to do so. 
We're starting from a very high rate. 
I want Mr Khrushchev to know that a new generation of Americans who fought in Europe, Italy and the Pacific for freedom during the Second World War took over from the United States, and that they are going to put this country back to work. 
Number three, Castro is just the beginning of our difficulties throughout Latin America. 
I remember the 2000 campaign, people said that if George W. is elected, your check will be removed. 
That's right. 
Ask the rich to pay a little more with the cuts so that we can invest in education like yours. 
It increases the cost of health insurance. 
I've been in politics for a while, and I'm worried about people who don't vote. 
Really? 
Now, if it was Russia, if it was China, if it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is that, under President Obama, we lost control of the things we had control of. 
Kennedy, the representative of Adam Clayton Powell, on his speaking tour on your behalf, said: "Ku Klux Klan is back on his way to this campaign. 
Every 4 years, they send you all kinds of messages to tell you how to vote and then go back to business as usual. 
What we shouldn't do is reject the demands for -- for calls for more security in our barracks, in our Marines -- we need Marines in Benghazi when the field commander says we need more security forces. 
In fact, the year before my departure, we paid Georgia's taxpayers $50 million back. 
But you deserve to know that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have criticized the decision to eliminate Quasem Soleimani. 
We can do better than that in this country. 
The idea -- if you've heard that -- this little soliloque out of 47 percent and you think it just made a mistake, so I think you're -- I think -- I have a bridge to sell you. 
I've appointed judges. 
We haven't recognized them in two months; the American ambassador hasn't come in nearly eight months. 
We want to thank the university here. 
GORE: Well, they should look at our proposals and look at us as people and decide themselves. 
You're an expert in foreign policy. 
And the reason he didn't, he said -- he wrote in his book -- because there was no viable exit strategy. 
It was immediately used. 
But the governor of Massachusetts, he has an agricultural program. 
And you said you'd do everything you have to do to be re-elected. 
That's how the game went. 
However, by setting this aside for the time being, your critics have also repeatedly said that you have not followed the bill or any immigration reform because of Hispanic groups - or Hispanic leadership groups - that do not really represent what Hispanic Americans want, because the polls show that they want a sort of immigration reform massively. 
It's really a matter of culture. 
And they had the ultimate punishment. 
Governor, Senator Lieberman and Secretary Cheney said they were sympathetically reviewing their views on same-sex sex. 
First, there are those who should buy health care that choose not to do so. 
We won't have any countries. 
We had some early success, I think, in No Child Left Behind, when we actually had a broad bipartite support. 
Governor, I am pleased to speak to you in this next section on energy issues. 
China has been involved to some extent, and now we have learned, that Iran is involved. 
We need a strong economic whole, the private sector creates jobs, and it can do so. 
And thanks to this rescue plan, I was wondering what it's like to really help these people. 
And we have always said — we have never lived up to it. 
We should do that. 
You can't do that, we can't keep this country closed. 
Everyone received tax relief to get out of the recession. 
I think you know better. 
And our enemies are fortified with all this. 
- That's right. 
Now, what's at stake here is that the president has made it clear, he wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. 
Now, if he's going to do it again or not, I've heard some say, well, that's the model we should use and if he's been re-elected, maybe he'll come back and try again. 
And I said, well, I'll tell you. 
That's the problem. 
We do it in my state of Texas. 
And Donald Trump says he doesn't deserve to be called a hero because he was a prisoner of war. 
We could have bilateral talks with Kim Jong Il. 
The president's CIA director says Saddam is stronger than he was. 
And Jack Kemp and I want to share some ideas with you tonight. 
Second, we need to take care of our border to put more patrol at the border -- at any point in history and the flow of undocumented work across the border is actually less than it has been in 40 years. 
Support for U.S. Allies KONDRACKE: Mr President, I would like to ask you a question about negotiations with friends. 
Why don't I want to raise taxes on people? 
If positive action means what I just described, then I am in favour. 
That's what leadership is about. 
Discrimination should be punished, but there should be equal opportunities. 
I don't buy planes. 
The best America does not abandon some of its citizens. 
The fundamental difference between you two concerns y. y. Clinton, you're asking for an increase in taxes on the richest Americans. 
Let me say, Bob, thank you. 
There are now a large number of Afghan security forces, 350,000 that are ready to intervene to ensure security, and we will be able to make this transition by the end of 2014. 
As a candidate, he started his campaign with a speech in which he called Mexican rapists and criminals, and he continued the discredited and truly scandalous lie that President Obama was not born in the United States is so painful to suggest that we return to thinking about those days when an African-American could not be a citizen of the United States. 
Ensuite. 
Et donc ma question est... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER : Sénateur Obama... OBAMA : ... 
It was vibrating. 
What I want to do is change the dynamics on the ground. 
Our Guard and our reserves have been transformed into almost active service. 
Mr. OBAMA: Katherine, I just want to point out that when Governor Romney's campaign was questioned about Bill Lilly Ledbetter, did he support it? 
Have fun, guys. 
And the kind of changes that were made overnight in California caused very serious dislocations. 
You had people borrowing money to buy a house they couldn't afford. 
The fact is that the president and I are going to move forward so that the tax cuts are permanent. 
I agree with the governor. 
My question is what specific tax provisions will you change to ensure that the richest Americans pay their fair share of the tax? 
Look what happened in Virginia and elsewhere. 
This is very unfair to the average taxpayer who pays his taxes and pays them on time to allow these amounts not to be collected. 
You know, we've won this conflict in Kosovo without losing a single human life in combat, a single American life in combat. 
But I'm not going to reduce our troops in danger. 
In these two uninterrupted minutes, Mr. 
It was the enemy who was able to get out of those mountains. 
But where are we going to find the money the federal government is putting in place to help them? 
I always said that. 
He's a man who, in fact, you're talking about helping African Americans, one in every 1,000 African Americans was killed because of the coronavirus. 
I do not believe that the current administration has done so. 
When Mr. Nixon made his famous speech on Operation Independence, we imported about 35 percent of our oil. 
Senator Kerry, 90 seconds. 
The suburbs are integrated as a whole. 
As for what counts and if it is experience that counts, it is not up to me to say it. 
BIDEN: My answer is that, think about what the president knew in January and didn't tell the American people. 
You thought Wall Street could self-regulate. 
They say, "We feel like we're being attacked by our own government." 
But if you're talking about protecting the taxpayer from his friends in the U.S. Congress, go back to what it was when you had a Democratic President and a Democratic Congress. 
How would you make the difference? 
What I would like to ask, Senator Kennedy, is what the purpose of this kind of thing is and how do you think it is? 
But we also believe that gays and lesbians and gay and lesbian couples, those in long-term relationships, deserve to be treated with respect, they deserve to have advantages. 
And yet, you refused to vote in the Senate in order to break a vote on an equal footing when this single vote, if it had been yes, would have given teachers salary increases. 
When we took office, why, inflation was 21, 12 1/2 percent of interest was wiping out all Americans were 21 1/2 percent if you can believe it. 
Mr. Nixon resigned. 
But the question -- GORE: Well, I'd like to hear the answer. 
His family, we could talk all night. 
I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. 
- It's okay. 
You can see almost 39, 40 years of our tax returns, I think, but everyone did. 
In quoting John F. Kennedy's tax reduction in the 1960s, I would also like to remind you that Mr. Kemp pointed out in the past that Bob Dole was in Congress at that time. He was one of those who voted against John F. Kennedy's tax reduction. 
We're losing sales. 
I'm in favour. 
CHENEY: Gwen, the story that appeared today about this report is the one that I asked for. 
There are a lot of people standing up to become a citizen. 
I voted two budgets to deal with this. 
When I took office, the world was divided. 
Because you know what? 
CLINTON: Let me begin by saying that Senator Dole referred to the repeal of Bill Brady or the prohibition of assault weapons. 
For the past two years, you've been telling us that we haven't been able to do much in these areas because we couldn't afford it; and in fact, we have a deficit of $50 billion now. 
She was a beautiful young woman. 
If you have a heart problem, you don't expect a heart attack to deal with it. 
But I trust our justice system, a grand jury that examines the evidence. 
We have 33 million students who have benefited from No Child Left Behind. 
It's not a way to treat someone who's brave and brave, it's to try to move their country forward. 
Because it's working well right now. 
But we will have the rest of this tax relief. 
Governor Dukakis, another annoying issue for voters this year, is the increase in the federal deficit. 
Over the past seven years, in the administration of President Eisenhower, this situation has reversed. 
No, I'm not, really. 
For whom they voted, testify, say for whom they voted, tell you. 
When the president had the opportunity to capture or kill Osama bin Laden, he withdrew his attention, outsourced the work to Afghan warlords, and Osama bin Laden escaped. 
Now, the question is, can we win? 
But we have passed a trade bill that has this premise, that any country that has full access to our markets, we have the right to full access to their markets. 
So we thought it would be easier to negotiate with those first. 
MARGOLIS: Senator Bentsen, since you have been in the Senate, the government has spent more and more money protecting the family farmer. 
Now it's not still. 
So we would be one - doing a much harder audit job, trying to get rid of some of those bribes to military contract consultants, to be much more aggressive about it. 
That is a fundamental difference between me and Senator Obama. 
And in the last few summers, I stole there. 
I have applied American policy. 
CLINTON: Well, Martha, I hope at that time, if I'm lucky... TRUMP: Everything. 
And so, Mr.Trump, I have to ask you five... TRUMP: I'd just like to answer, if I can. 
Now, maybe to some in this Bushnell Memorial that it's not a lot of money, but people watching tonight with a few kids, a family that works, it's four or five months of daycare, maybe a personal computer; it can be three or four months of mortgage payments. 
According to his own analysis, unemployment will be slightly higher in 1995 as part of his plan than it is today. 
That is why I think it was a sound proposal and that is why I supported it and I regret that it was not adopted. 
We'll stay hunting on Al-Qaida. 
And we need to have change and people who never take responsibility for anything when it happens under their supervision and people who are in charge -- LEHRER: Your time is up. 
First of all, what my opponent wants you to forget is that he voted to allow the use of force and now says it's the wrong war at the wrong time in the wrong place. 
Mr. WALLACE: Yes. 
The media. 
I see Syria with 30,000 dead civilians, Assad still in power. 
I remember hearing about a week of infrastructure, I don't think that happened. 
I met Grant Milliron, Mansfield, Ohio. 
I go into this race like their servant, and I belong to them. 
What separates my application and makes it unique is that it comes from millions of people in 50 states across the country who wanted a candidate who worked and belonged to them alone. 
And I'm not gonna do that. 
These big factories? Everyone told me they were profitable. 
Senator Kaine, on the campaign track, you praised Secretary Clinton's character, including her involvement in the public service, but 60 per cent of voters do not think she is trustworthy. 
The immediate problem we have is to stimulate our economy now so that we can get rid of unemployment. 
And they don't want Mr. d. Hillary Clinton, when she was Secretary of State, said, "It's okay, we can't force him in their country. 
The same thing exactly. 
I'd like to go to Afghanistan, please. 
And he's named after this amazing woman who's been doing the same job as a man for years, found out she was less paid, and the Supreme Court said she couldn't file a complaint because she should have discovered it earlier, when she had no way to find out. 
It's really a privilege to be with you both tonight.I'd like to start with the theme of the presidential leadership. 
CLINTON: ... said Donald was not fit to be the commander-in-chief. 
Al Gore and I want to live within our means. 
We have seen Afghanistan get worse and worse. 
And the challenges that America is facing right now -- look, the reason I'm in this race is that there are people who are really hurting today in this country. 
He never looked you in the eye and said that's what he wants to do. 
And we're fighting with that today. 
What are your criteria for intervention? 
And thanks to the people here at Danville College Centre, Kentucky, they've done a huge job of making this possible. 
And he didn't have a job. 
On the one hand, I am dismayed that someone who is the candidate of one of our two major parties takes this kind of position. 
And I ask you three, how can we, as symbolic children of the future president, expect you, the three of you, to meet our needs, housing and crime needs, and you name it, as opposed to the needs of your political spin doctors and political parties? 
GORE: I know you want to change the subject, Dan, but let's stay on this one for a while. 
The United States must be strong so that we can contribute to promoting peace, security and stability. 
I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President. 
My uncle was a cop, a career cop, on the pace of downtown Chicago. 
When I and other parliamentarians found out that we had millions of dollars in the Sudan, we called for the transfer of those dollars through legislation to ensure that we did nothing that would be considered to support the activities in Darfur. 
Mr. Ford misquoted news from the PA that was mistaken to begin with. 
We have a deficit because this country has experienced a recession. 
That is how we will ensure basic health security for all citizens of our country. 
We surrounded him. 
You shot another Clinton at me because you're still going. 
I never dreamed that one day I would win this nomination and be my party's presidential candidate. 
He was elected in the next elections. 
Mr. WELKER: Mr. President Trump, you have the same question. 
How are you going to do this, Mr Vice-President, in a way that you have not been able to fill in over the last four years? 
Costs will continue to increase. 
You can't promise something like that just to be elected if you know there's a good chance that the circumstances are beyond you. 
You cannot tell me that an excess food distribution of five hundred inches per person - and that n- nearly six million Americans receive this - is adequate. 
We have made dramatic progress. 
But I have learned in the last three and a half years that when a problem is extremely difficult, when the call is very close, the chances are that the experts will be divided close to 50-50. 
I simply think that when we are facing a budget deficit this year - and this exercise will end in about ten days, and we are facing the possibility of a deficit of $60 billion, perhaps up to $63 billion - that would simply be irresponsible. 
BUSH: I'm not sure that -- and I can understand if you didn't see that, because there was a lot of tints and tears. 
It's been opened. 
It's diplomacy. 
And we have to do several things at the same time. 
And if they can't do it, if Congress can't do it, then let them do it in general. 
In short, Governor Clinton. 
The difference is, I can do it. 
And it doesn't work. 
The pain, the suffering, the unemployment, the bankruptcies, the loss of the standard of living, the people who have had to cross the border of California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas if it is our foreign policy for the Third World or Latin America, I believe more than ever, we must elect a president who understands trade, who understands honest money, who includes private enterprise, which includes democratic capitalism, not the socialism caused by the IMF and the Clinton administration. 
President? 
And there are several of them there is a good political reason because it is about this time of year that the Democrats begin to say that the Republicans will remove your social security. 
Second -- and they're good. 
Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal? 
I couldn't be more proud to be standing with Donald Trump, who defends the right to life. 
Senator Obama said the push could not work, said it would increase sectarian violence, said it was doomed to failure. 
But my economic agenda is the kind of change we want. 
In fact, what Senator Kennedy recommends is that the U.S. government help exiles and Cubans who oppose the Castro regime, provided they are anti-batists. 
In my opinion, politics has failed. 
We Irish call him malarkey. 
You know, people don't understand — having good relations with the leaders of other countries is a good thing. 
If you are satisfied with the system, you can stay there. 
Because they have to balance their budgets. 
So, I think our employee reduction record, plus the failure of the governor's programs to really save employment in Georgia, shows what's the best plan. 
And you have all kinds of clubs on the Hill - and you know it. 
Second, please don't categorize my answers either. 
What is your message to parents who fear that sending their children to school will endanger not only their children, but also their teachers and families? 
But it's not going out because there's too little debate. 
And if indeed all jobs would move south because there are lower wages, there are lower wages now and they have not. 
They want democracy to improve in Nicaragua. 
These are not my values. 
Lebanon, Grenada, Panama, Persian Gulf, Somalia, Bosnia, Haiti, Kosovo. 
The number two, if in fact, when, during our administration in the Recovery Act, I was able, was in charge, able to reduce the cost of renewable energy to less than or as cheap as coal, gas and oil. 
We don't think you're hurting anyone else by attacking positive action to help those who have been deprived of their rights. 
And that's what's happening in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
I'd like to hear each of you comment on that. 
And God bless America. 
And months ago, many of us were trying to act. 
But the care that the president received at Walter Reed Hospital, White House doctors, was exceptional. 
And I think I did a good job. 
Can we -- can you both agree that voters have a choice -- a clear choice between the two... ROMNEY: Absolutely. 
President Carter. 
Tell that to Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer [crosstalk] Chuck. 
Can I answer that, please? 
They sent 40,000 American soldiers to Iraq without the armor they needed. 
And the world is better without him in power. 
Now, some said, "Ah, that would make war imminent, because they would think that we could launch a first strike because we could defend against the enemy." 
Why not? 
They don't vote for war. 
But the main thing is that he still hasn't had it, from what he said the other night to this beautiful woman in our program, the 209 people in Richmond. 
Why did he not even promote legislation that would have provided an answer to those who want to come legally and those who are here illegally today? 
Before we get to the summit, before we meet again, I think it is important for the United States to build its strength, build its military force and its own economic force. 
My son. 
QUESTION: Oh, I remember. 
And you guys over there are gonna have to choose who you think is right. 
So let's -- let's let the American people say, "Fix it for us." 
Criminal justice reform, Obama and Joe did not. 
Senator Kennedy and I are candidates for the presidency of the United States. 
But it started for me over the last eight years when I had the honour of voting to put an end to the old economic plan here at home and to put in place a new economic plan that helped us make some progress, 22 million new jobs, the greatest prosperity of all time. 
Mr President, if I have heard you correctly, you have said that these deficits have nothing to do with interest rates. 
GIBSON: And 30 seconds, Your Honour. 
We're supposed to be good. 
So let's start by not praising Vladimir Putin as a great leader. 
The American people want arms control. 
We have not only repaired the health insurance and taken it away in the future, we have done something you can't do: we have balanced the budget. 
The resolution calls on the president in the United States, which I supported, to defend, uh - Formosa, the Pescadores, and if it was his military judgment, these islands. 
I know Chief Justice Burger is. 
It is absolutely e.e. e.ve weakened America's place in the world. 
Not because of you. 
But, you see, my fundamental philosophy is to give as much control as possible to local government and the state. 
And now we hear a lot of speeches, oh, well, we all want business areas, and yet the House and Senate can't send it without loading it with a lot of, you know, those Christmas tree ornaments they put on the bill. 
He's illegal in these circumstances. 
I have come to the conclusion that the Soviet Union is collapsing. 
Are you all right, sir? 
I've been there before. 
I have a great deal of respect for the men and women of the American army. 
I agree. 
I therefore hope that the Governor will be able to convince John McCain to support our outstanding profits tax, which she has supported in Alaska, and I pay tribute to him. 
Or is this president going to take action? 
An African-American was my chief of staff. 
You heard what I was for. 
And since then, I've tried to give something back to my country, to the people who look at us tonight. 
I don't know exactly how you're increasing the death penalty. 
That's not my analysis. 
I'm going to ask you, why is your plan better than yours? 
Honorary. 
I know why jobs come and why they go. 
OMAMA: Now, if we get our tax policies so that they are good for the middle class, if we reverse the policies of the last eight years that led us to this solution in the first place and that Senator McCain supported, then we will be able to deal with social security and Medicare, because we will have a health care plan that actually works for you, reduces long-term spending and costs, and social security that is stable and solvent for all Americans and not just for some. 
For me, it's pretty extreme. 
If it is administered quickly, with fairness and fairness, it saves lives. 
John McCain said last December, quoting -- I paraphrase -- "I'm surprised at this subprime mortgage crisis," number one. 
You do a lot of things no one knows. 
And I believe in fact that we need missile defence, because of Iran and North Korea and the potential they have to obtain or launch nuclear weapons, but I also believe that when we spend only a few hundred million dollars on nuclear proliferation, we are making a mistake. 
For a generation, the United States has had a foreign policy based on the mastery of communism. 
I will make a full statement: the United States of America does not have a long-term plan to stay in Iraq. 
You have to go see the people. 
KAINE: Elaine — Elaine, people should not be afraid to raise issues of bias in law enforcement. 
It makes you cry. 
And I really think we need to give peace a chance. 
This is the decision of the next president of the United States. 
And when he's outstretched, morale drops. 
And that's a matter of our priorities. 
Kristen, New York lost more than 40,000 people. 
Hello, Norma. 
Important advice. 
They'll make those sacrifices. 
Presidential campaign SAWYER: As we reach the end of the question period, and in every presidential campaign, candidates tend to complain that the opposition candidate is not held responsible for what he or she says, let me give you the chance to do so. 
All of this is part of a balanced budget plan that protects Medicare, Medicaid, education and the environment. 
He was a senator for 20 years. 
We also have fiscal incentives to invest in job-creating activities, not the kind of encouragement to short-term breakups like George Bush's proposal. 
But we have a different set of beliefs about how we make our country stronger here at home and respected again in the world. 
I can't tell you how much I love my wife and our daughters. 
That is what I have tried to do and that is what I will continue to do as President. 
Quijano: Senator Kaine, what happened with Russia? 
If someone wanted to vote on the environment, how would you draw the differences, Governor? 
And, in fact, we have not avoided arms control talks with the Soviet Union. 
Some of these weapons have 10 megatons of explosion. 
It's an achievement, and it's an achievement I'll take with me to the White House. 
Joe Biden won't stop fracturing. 
Give them a tax moratorium for a period of time if they build and develop there. 
When you keep the oil ministry, but you don't keep the nuclear facilities, the message to many people may be, "Wow, maybe they're interested in our oil." 
All right. 
These are the positive things I think we could do to bring about peace in this area, to help raise this standard of living and to give them the kind of stability where democracy can move forward and thrive and flourish. 
The billionaires have become much richer by an air of more than three to four hundred billion dollars more just since VOCID. 
As for the drug itself, I mentioned that I was disappointed. 
This is not the kind of advocacy women need. 
But when Joe Biden was vice president, they hesitated for a month. 
Is this a war-torn country? 
I can only point out that if we are going to judge the Administrations with regard to our attitude towards dictators, we are pleased to have a comparison with the previous administration. There were eleven dictators in South and Central America when we arrived in 1953. 
But at the end of 1989, the President signed a secret policy saying that we would continue to try to improve relations with him, and we sent him some kind of communication on the eve of his invasion of Kuwait that we still wanted better relations. 
A Republican Congress finally reduced its spending and said it was the best four years of all time. 
I shall conclude on this point. 
$3 out of every $4 we sent there was for economic assistance to support people's chance to eat and live and be happy and enjoy life. 
If you don't advance on this problem, it will... (CROSSTALK) BIDEN: Medical insurance recipients -- there are more beneficiaries... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: We're going -- we're going to move... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: ... very simple question... (CROSSTALK) RYAN: We're not going to run away. 
I would have someone on the herd about these regulations, and we would begin to eliminate these discriminations in the federal government against women. 
But they made an article that had me totally against the war in q.d one of your compatriots said, you know, if it was before or just after, Trump was certainly — because if you read this article, there is no doubt. 
These programs you cannot afford and provide tax relief. 
And what you want to do to Joe the plumber and millions of others like him is have their taxes increased and not be able to realize the American dream of owning their own business. 
And we need a new start, a new credibility, a president capable of bringing allies to our side. 
The Trump organization is an octopus-like organization with tentacles all over the world whose conflict of interest could only be known if Donald Trump issued his tax returns. 
Early childhood education, which fills the gap of success, so that every child is prepared for school, every dollar we invest in it, we end up getting huge benefits with better reading grades, reduced drop-out rates, reduced delinquency rates. 
These are your rules. 
We've come to the end. 
They're smart enough to know it's not a good job. 
And it's okay. 
They insisted that this reduction be involved in the debt negotiations, and so we have a $1 trillion reduction... 
Joe Biden says democracy is on the vote. 
Then I won't give you that answer. 
And we have some disproportionate responsibility. 
It is a democracy in which we have the freest press and the greatest rights of the First Amendment in the history of humanity. 
And I've never deviated from my life. 
So it's number one. 
But we delivered him to a maniac fanatic who killed thousands and thousands of people, calling him executions. 
CLINTON: Because I was a senator with a Republican president. 
According to the Wall Street Journal, 96 per cent of small businesses are not affected by my plan. 
President Clinton opposes the limits of mandates, President Clinton opposes a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. 
We took office and the Social Security Trust Fund was in great danger and the President took the lead in working with the Democrats and Republicans in Congress some difficult calls were made and the Social Security Trust Fund was restored to a solid and solvent state. 
Mr. Perot -- yes, of course. 
They leave the sky and the environment behind. 
Diplomacy is obviously something we really need to work on. 
These kids are all going to college. 
The president decided to give it to the richest Americans in a tax reduction. 
[Applause] NEWMAN: Please, I must again ask the public not to applaud, not to applaud, not to show their feelings in any way. 
We didn't pay attention to them. 
We have proposed and passed a bill on healthy forests that was essential to working with - particularly in Western states - to ensure that our forests are protected. 
Will -- will -- you will certainly have a lot of time here to come. 
Mr. Vice President, 90 seconds. 
And I want to talk to you very briefly before we go to the end of the statements about your own personal character. 
It turns me on. 
For example. 
We are the first in other fields of science, but in space, which is the new science, we are not the first. 
We need strong, credible and effective nuclear deterrence. 
I won the democratic nomination in fifty and one separate competition. 
When you start rationing health care, there will be a waiting line to see a doctor, unless it's an emergency. 
Five components. 
BUSH: Well, I think they should look at us as a country that understands freedom wherever no matter who you are, how high you are or where you are, that you can succeed. 
It is an honour to moderate this debate between Senator Tim Kaine and Governor Mike Pence. 
Iran is moving towards nuclear weapons and the world is more dangerous. 
I think we need a president who has the credibility to bring the allies back to the table and do what is necessary for America not to do that alone. 
It is often said that in the final analysis about 90% of being the president of the United States deals with the unexpected, not the problems that have arisen in the campaign. 
But there are bad apples. 
Everyone cares if people don't go well. 
SPIVAK: Mr.Vice-President, you accused Senator Kennedy of avoiding the issue of civil rights when he was in the South and accused you of the same. 
And so I had to fight with t.n. I was running for the governor, I was attacked pretty strongly because of my position on the death penalty. 
Mr. TRUMP: Excuse me, and then unlike him, where he is Vice-President, and he does business, I then decided to introduce myself to the Chair after that. 
It's a decision between them and their doctor. 
We have to put an end to this. 
I may not be for your version, Mr. Vice President, but I am for what I just described to the lady. 
You have two years to look for a job. 
And they say enough, that's enough. 
But go ahead. 
Sir, you made a point. 
First, after each of my trips abroad, I made recommendations that were adopted. 
We need to offer economic opportunities, better education, better health care, better access to education, better access to borrowing money to start businesses. 
Mr. LEVY: Mr. Vice-President, you urge voters to forget party labels and vote for man. 
My objection here is the potential cost of controls and possible freedom for the American people by giving the federal government power over education, and that is the greatest power a government can have. 
I just have a real philosophical difference. 
That is why we say that we need fundamental tax reform. 
To refresh your memory on the rules, I'll ask you a question. 
We're spending $1 billion to find the technology we need. 
CLINTON: ... wouldn't add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add five trillion dollars to the debt. 
I'm sure we'll see more success there, too. 
H. L. Mencken said that for every problem there is a simple answer. That would be neat, plausible and false. 
Did we give him tens of millions of dollars? 
It is their responsibility to take over their own security. 
Mr. WARREN: Mr. Vice-President, you talked about schools and it was just yesterday, I think you asked for an accident program to raise the standards of education, and tonight you talked about the progress of education. 
But these are things people say. 
They burned millions of acres. 
The George Bush, who was the charter member of the crew of environmental wrecks that went to Washington in the early 1980s and did work on the EPA, or the one we saw and listened to over the past two or three months. 
Or another option - continue this recovery until it absolutely benefits everyone. 
So my point of view is that the middle class is the -- they've suffered, Jim. 
I admire his service. 
These are comments like that that really worry people who understand the threats we are facing. 
When the United States of America takes the initiative to protect the environment, we are doing what is right for our children, and we are also creating new business opportunities, new jobs, new sources of prosperity for the United States of America, and we are moving in this direction of common sense. 
And I think the answer is yes, otherwise I would not ask for your vote. 
He says he's not going to raise taxes, although he broke that pledge several times. 
No serious person said otherwise. 
Drummond's question for Vice-President Nixon. 
In 1992, Bill Clinton ran against President George Bush. 
Thank you, Mr. Perot. 
We consume 50% of the world's cocaine. 
It was a month ago, sir, and the president hasn't talked about it since, and I wonder, sir, if you can specify what version is correct - the one that was published by Republican campaign leaders or the one that was published by President Eisenhower? 
I want to give tax relief to companies that invest here in the United States. 
Do the Americans now die in Iraq for a mistake? 
I don't have time in 30 seconds or a minute to talk about our health care reform plan. 
You cut into the fiber and muscle of our conventional forces. 
The measure is not: Are we safer? 
I think you need to do part of what Ross is talking about: controlling the growth of mandatory spending and reducing taxes. 
I was the author. 
Remember this, people: Many people on Medicare are there every day making the choice between food and medicine. 
Now, let me say this... PENCE: ...that was discovered...[crosstalk] QUIJANO: ... Senator, you have the opportunity to respond. 
It's not a government plan. 
Governor Romney wants to increase this tax relief. 
Productivity was declining. 
Yet the United States' dependence on Arab oil as a percentage of total imports is now much higher than it was at the time of the 1973 Arab oil embargo and, for some time, the loss of substantial amounts of Arab oil could plunge the United States into depression. 
President Trump, it's for you. 
And I've always been proud to be American. 
The terrorist threat against US troops has been reduced in some way because there are no 175,000 people in a dangerous part of the world. 
He's caused so many people to die. 
Senator Obama, you proposed $60 billion in tax reductions for middle- and low-income people, additional tax relief to create jobs, new spending on public works projects to create jobs. 
Today, you have problems in Europe, still evolving, even if Europe has gone through the path of democracy. 
But efficiency, simplicity, and the ability of people to understand and control their own government was a substantial benefit of a complete reorganization. 
You're talking about Khomeini. 
Number one, add another million children to the Medicaid ranks. 
With interest rates falling and inflation falling, the most cruel tax of all, taken in a global slowdown right now, that will change if you go with the programs I've talked about and help with job retraining and education. 
We must move the economy forward. 
How would they stay safe? 
Elaine, I have to answer that. 
There are no nuclear missiles pointed at the children of the United States tonight and have not been in our administration for the first time since the dawn of the nuclear age. 
We are a force of good in the world. 
So there's a lot of cynicism there. 
It includes reform. 
In analysing the figures, we will find that our unemployment exists among the elderly; there are also those who are not sufficiently trained, i.e. those who do not have adequate educational opportunities. 
Now, with regard to what we have already done with China, U.S. exports have doubled since I took office, to China and currencies are actually at their most advantageous for U.S. exporters since 1993. 
I'd say several hundred of them. 
I'm not making excuses. 
We also agree and believe and commit that the surplus of the Medicare trust fund is also locked up with a sign on it that says â€œpoliticians keep your hands out.â€ Our opponents do not do this. 
We must support this democracy by helping them not only with their armed forces, but also with their governance and economic well-being. For example, 7,000 madrasses were built along the border. 
I don't think they should be found guilty. 
Answer me, please. 
And I think we're all on this together. 
I will fight for your families and I will work every day to ensure that America remains the largest nation in the world. 
But it's been a year. 
We went there because there were people who were responsible for 3,000 American deaths. 
The American middle-class family is not doing this right now, Bob. 
I have an idea. 
Keep in mind that in 1960, when our schools were the envy of the world, we spent $16 billion on them; now we spend more than any other nation in the world -- $199 billion a year -- and we were at the bottom of the industrialized world in terms of academic success. 
And by the way, the fastest growing industry in America is – that is, electricity – excuse me, solar energy and wind. 
My plan - COMPTON: --under 200,000 -- CLINTON: --despite my opponent's announcement, my plan is triggered by a gross income, a family income of $200,000 or more. 
And so are you. 
I am therefore looking forward to working with Barack and playing a very constructive role in his presidency, bringing about the kind of change this country needs. 
I met the Black Congress caucus in the White House. 
EDWARDS: Well, let me say, first of all, that he said in the same segment -- I don't remember exactly where he was related to what you just read -- but he said, empty point, "We will never give anyone a veto on the security of the United States of America." 
Can I answer that? 
And if we do, we don't have the tragedies we've got from those killed at Virginia Tech was a guy named Liviu Librescu. 
You heard what I was for, and that's what I support. 
His children are incredibly capable and dedicated, and I think that says a lot about Donald. 
And in fact, I think for most people, the notion of President Quayle is a very disturbing thought. 
Does Lebanon not represent a major failure of your administration and does it not raise serious questions about your ability as a foreign policy strategist and commander-in-chief? 
I'll divide the next hour and a half into nine-minute segments. 
But the governors are ready, the mayors are ready. 
I'll respond directly to America. 
And, Lester, they take our jobs, they give incentives, they do things that, frankly, we don't give you the example of Mexico. 
There is only one final question left for the next century, indeed for the next millennium. 
We should be very proud in our country, as most Americans are, that we have made tremendous progress, but we should recognize that we have more work to do. 
It's a toxic disorder, really, on Main Street that affects Wall Street. 
And that's what I intend to do when I'm president. 
General Brown has an example of military performance. 
Mr McGee, we have the contractual right to be in Berlin when we leave the Potsdam and the Second World War conversations. 
He put us in the mess we were in in 2008 and 2009. 
He didn't do that. 
Dukakis, you have a minute to answer. 
I did not object to the principle of taking care of them. 
And have they maintained this passion throughout their lives, whether they have been in office or not, whether they have succeeded or failed? 
Are we still leaving? 
They said that the only way out in a wicked world was to treat others according to how they treated us and not how they treated their own people. 
Everybody's excited. 
It's true, even those who sometimes shake our fists. 
That's what Eleanor Holmes Norton wants to do in Columbia District and this administration told D.C., Drop dead. Get out of here. 
All we have to do is agree to restore it, make it habitable and live there - just like 100 years or more ago, we did with the open land in this urban country. or a country house. 
I have never seen such ideological quarrels in the United States Congress. 
Thank you very much, Ann. 
So the fact is that Senator Obama is spending unprecedented -- unprecedented in the history of American politics, going back to the beginning, amounts of money in announcements of negative attacks against me. 
I'm gonna practice for our troops. 
Hillary Clinton is the Secretary of State who knows how to build alliances. 
Of course, we're paying attention to that. 
That is not the case — we do not respect other countries. 
And at some point, I think the American people should ask themselves, is that why Governor Romney keeps all these plans to replace the secret because they're too good? 
I don't buy boats. 
We have other problems. 
I was in Los Angeles recently and I talked to a woman who told me she had an abortion when she was 17. 
And, once again, I love him. 
In addition to that, we need to realize that we still have about 35 years of oil around the world. 
And I wouldn't do anything to hurt the American auto industry. 
Take a look at New York and what happened to my wonderful city. 
And America, you deserve better. 
It's a two-minute question and Helen's gonna ask her. 
So important to e. w, Hillary mentioned something about contributions just for you to understand. 
The United States should try to work with its allies and stop it. 
The only major decision I have made since the appointment was made, and I share it with President Ford, is the choice of a Vice-President. 
GORE: Well, we're with Israel, but we've maintained the ability to serve as an honest broker. 
Secretary Clinton, in your plan, the government plays a major role. 
One of you won't win this election. 
The middle class is crushed by the policies of a president who has not understood what it takes to revive the economy. 
Veterans receive very good health care under my administration, and they will continue to do so over the next four years. 
And you have just heard the honourable senator say that she is going to resubmit America to the Paris Climate Agreement. 
I am a member of the Veterans Committee, and we have -- I have met veterans across the country who are trying to understand, "How do I get disability payments? 
Social security never did that. 
But one mistake he made is fuel efficiency standards at 40 to 45 miles per gallon will throw a lot of auto workers out of work, and you can't have both ways. 
You think this is inevitable because feeling safe is a very fundamental thing with everyone in this country worried about their children. 
I think your health care is just as important as any politician in Washington, D.C. You want to buy it, you can. 
I've never met Putin. 
This should never have happened. 
I want to take us here to Susan Katz, who has a question. 
It's their responsibility, not America's. 
Mr. NIXON: Well, sir. 
I've always been for the taxpayers' bill of rights. 
And I cut the cost of health care as I described it to you. 
Question to the vice president, Peter. 
And it didn't bother me when, during the Vietnam War, much of the opposition to the government - the democratic and republican governments - was led by priests, encouraging people to break the law and the adage of - you know - civil disobedience. 
And unfortunately now he is trying to reassert himself in Serbian politics. 
And finally, he says we should have a summit. 
But after September 11, Senator Joe Lieberman and I decided that we needed a commission, and it was a commission to investigate September 11, to find out what happened and to fix it. 
You support a national right to bring the law. 
Thank you, Bernie, and thank you, Dick Cheney, for a very good debate. 
Russia is partly resurrected and Putin feels powerful because of the petrodollars, as Senator McCain mentioned. 
- No, it's not. 
And thanks to a plan to invest in infrastructure, something Donald Trump said he would do. 
PEROT: I think the American people will make their own decisions about character and at a time when we have work to do and we need action, I think they need a clear understanding of each person's background. 
We need to take care of long-term care. 
If you were elected president, could you cancel the FDA approval last week of the RU-486 abortion pill? 
It's money in this family's pocket. 
COMPTON: Governor, nuclear weapons require regularly reconstructed nuclear materials, and again this week another nuclear manufacturing plant was closed for security reasons. 
And the government doesn't create jobs. 
My rebuttal is that I have heard the national debt blamed for many things, but not for illegal immigration across our border -- [laughs] -- and it has nothing to do with it. 
First year... OBAMA: ... we can't -- we haven't seen the Republicans serious about it at all. 
And when you talk about plexiglas, they're restaurants that die. 
The question of nationalism - the recognition, he says, that every major problem we face is global, and cannot be solved by nationalism here or elsewhere - is chauvinist, that is, parish, that is, as anachronistic as the rights of states were at the time of Jefferson Davis. 
That is why we are pushing these income tax reductions for middle-income families in the context of a balanced budget that protects important programs. 
Governor, I don't think you've answered my question about the kind of people you'd be looking for for the court, the kind of philosophy you'd be looking for if you made appointments to the Supreme Court as president. 
New number. 
They were told to come tonight with questions. 
We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics live in hell because it's so dangerous. 
This will be good for our economy and it will be good for job creation. 
And China is building a new road to a new gas... a golf course you have abroad. 
In two weeks, you'll have to decide who will be president. 
Wait a minute, Mr. Perot. 
And that's why the sanctions provisions we had, and so on -- and I'm going to do everything I can, and all of us in the administration, join us again when Congress returns to get an immigration bill that will once again give us control of our borders. 
Our allies know -- they're not sure what we're going to do, what we're going to do, what we're going to do, what we're going to do. 
In fact, haven't you been so obsessed with saving that you haven't even pushed the government to spend money that has been allocated? 
My judgment is that the program presented by the Vice-President, which is an extension of Mr. 
Mr. COMPTON: Let's change the pace a little bit, Mr. Vice-President. 
But with tax incentives for low-income groups, we could raise their income levels above the level of poverty and not make well-being more... profitable than work. 
Very quickly, because we are at the last question now. 
I would like to meet the leaders of Congress, all the newly elected members of Congress and so many others with whom I could meet between the time of the election and the inauguration, and we would present an employment program. 
Each response will be limited to two and a half minutes, each comment to one and a half minutes. 
The other would be to make a judgment on what is the most effective tax program to stimulate our economy. 
Were you extremely upset? 
We need to privatize public housing, we need to sell it to residents, we need to put the business area in, in, America and to reduce tax rates on labour, capital and factors of production. 
Does this make your effort or plan to internationalize this effort seem rather naive? 
But we also have to deal with the prevention of drug education here at home. 
Our character is on the ballot. 
Fritz Mondale said he would rather lose a battle for decency than gain one on personal interest. 
The American people would be responsible. 
People throw themselves into our place the other day, we were deporting 800 people. 
It's a good policy. That's what we should do. 
But I don't think it's just the experience that makes the difference. 
Now, the Governor has also played a little fast and loosely with the facts about the vetoes. 
And what I have to say about this is, on many occasions - and this has to do with the Philippines, too, I know that there are things in the Philippines that we do not think are right from the point of view of democratic rights at the moment, but what is the alternative? 
We reduce taxes for middle-class families by approximately $3,600. 
And they are active in countries like -- in regions like Latin America, Asia and Africa. 
I promise I won't talk about your song. 
I'll tell you what. 
I want to add more free trade agreements so that we have more trade. 
It is not yet powerful enough to — to really run our great beautiful factories that we need to compete with the world — 
We're here with a government dealing with a Panamanian drug addict. 
You know, there's all kinds of statistics out there, but I want to take them back to an individual. 
(Laughter, applause scattered) I'm serious though I think I'm a little more friendly these days than I was back in my youth when I started in my state legislature. 
She called it the gold standard. 
They do not achieve these objectives. 
That is because this administration has watered down the sanctions, delayed the sanctions, tried to arrest us for having put in place the severe sanctions. 
[Applause] I'm going to publish my tax returns. 
The last time in the first debate, we had millions of people verify the facts, so I expect that we will have millions more to check the facts, because, you know, it's — it's just very good that someone with Donald Trump's temperament is not in charge of the law in our country. 
PALIN: Nuclear weapons, of course, would be all, putting an end to just too many people in too many parts of our planet, so that these dangerous regimes, again, cannot be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons, d. r nuclear weapons here in the United States is used as a deterrent. 
Congress engages people behind the scenes, and the casting accordingly has gone up. 
It'll be a nice thing for the h.s. 
I don't think he's talking to her much. 
We also have a comparison between him and Mr. Nixon. 
Why not? 
The integration of the democracies of Central and Eastern Europe into a new partnership with NATO. And, I could add, with democratic Russia. 
The system is still where it was with regard to progressivity, as I said, and that has not been changed. 
General Allen, our commander in Afghanistan, says that the Americans continue to die in the hands of Pakistan-supported groups. 
I want people from all over the world to look back to the United States, to feel that we are on the move, that our high noon is in the future. 
We need to reform litigation and regulation. 
Someone who thinks about it cares a lot. 
LEHRER: We now turn to the issue of taxes and expenditures. 
And for all the other parents in America who wonder if their children are going to school or anywhere else in the world, in what kind of world they are going to grow up, let me look you in the eye and tell you: I have defended this country as a young man at war, and I will defend it as President of the United States. 
CLINTON: Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow, I don't know the reasons. 
And he said to me and to the whole room, he said, "You know, don't take away my hope, because my hope is what makes me move forward." 
My friend Al Gore says it's better than the Reagan years. 
And there are other ways to press this budget without constantly attacking our elders and the most vulnerable in American life. 
Second, as far as bankruptcy is concerned now, Gwen, what we should do now -- and Barack Obama and I support it -- we should allow the bankruptcy courts to adjust not only the interest rate you pay on your mortgage to stay in your home, but also to adjust the principal you owe, the principal you owe. 
We wanted to have the rule of majority with full protection of minority rights. 
But the others don't. I'll say it. 
I visited Geneva at the request of the President and tabled a treaty to ban all chemical weapons on the table. 
They looked at my plans and they said, OK, if we can do it, and I intend to do it, we'll have 10 million new jobs, because we'll make investments where we can grow the economy. 
And that meant I realized from the first day that I had to get along and work through the driveway to do anything. 
This is a typical political statement. 
She works there longer than I do. 
If we move a million people from social assistance to work. 
In fact, I did not question Governor Bush's experience. 
RADDATZ: Could you explain whether the Muslim ban is still in force? 
We have now come to the end of the questions, and before asking the candidates to make their final remarks, on behalf of the Presidential Debate Committee, I would like to thank all of you for joining us. 
The warning signs are clear. 
I'm going to have America and North America independent of energy. 
Now, what has been achieved by the Helsinki agreement? 
Senator Hatfield, right? 
September 11 changed the way America has to look at the world. 
Look, he's a man with a lot of numbers. 
Each response will be limited to two and a half minutes, each comment to one and a half minutes. 
And maybe they passed the wrong button, they pressed the wrong button, or maybe worse than that, it was corruption, but those people we were going to deport for a good reason ended up becoming citizens. 
The Soviets take more than we do and the principle of intrusive verification. 
STOCKDALE: Well, we have excellent technical health care, but we don't administer it very well, and the escalation of costs exceeds any other budgetary danger on the horizon, I think. 
They learn to think right or wrong of themselves in the first 18 months. 
We don't like it. 
Find me a scientist who says that. 
It didn't hurt the economy. 
The tendency that Governor Reagan has shown on many occasions since he was a candidate for President - I believe since 1968 - to inject American military forces into places like North Korea, to put a blockade around Cuba this year, or in some cases to project American forces into a fishing conflict against the small nation of Ecuador on the west coast of South America. 
I think we have far too many abortions in this country, in our country. 
They're thirsty. 
And frankly, I think you're so far away from the goals you choose for your country that I didn't think the comparison was well taken. 
The same would happen when you ration health care. 
And is it a negative attack and a personal attack to emphasize that Bill Clinton simply has trouble telling the truth? 
I did. 
It's about what the 21st century is going to be for you. 
And we have a winning fight. 
I want America and North America to be independent in terms of energy so that we can create these jobs. 
Ladies and gentlemen, it's not true what he said. 
Please, I still have to ask the public not to applaud, not to applaud, not to show their feelings in any way. 
I do not speak much about myself, but I have heard Senator Edwards, and by listening to him, I have some similarities. 
And we also have important national priorities in education, housing and health care, economic development, vocational training and the environment. 
And number three, we're going to find out who did this and we're going to track them down, because one of the things I said throughout my presidency is when people make fun of the Americans, we're chasing them. 
Admiral Stockdale, would you like to start the discussion period? 
I met with the members of the Security Council during the week before our vote. 
I wouldn't have supported it either. 
We've got him on tape. 
No, when there was a crisis involving the Mexican peso, again, President Bill Clinton showed boldness and dynamism. 
He always makes sure, for example, that we, he wants to make sure that methane is not a problem. 
I'm Michael Smith. 
One of the most important things we do in this administration is transformation. 
Do I have to understand from this attack on secret actions that nowhere in the world we could do something that was considered just off-base when Mrs Ferraro said she never supported it? 
Recruit 100,000 new teachers to reduce classroom size. 
Then he didn't do anything. 
Mr. KAINE: An American senator. 
You could go to the U.S. government, and they would probably tell you, because they know my sheet very well to get that development that I owe e. w, taxes are a very simple thing. 
It's a value that touches my core values. 
Stop. 
WOODRUFF: Over the next 90 minutes, we will interview the candidates in a format designed and accepted by the representatives of the two campaigns. 
I want to do -- I don't like that idea of those boards. 
(APPLAUUSE) LEHRER: Mr President, how do you respond to that? 
The fact is, judging by its results from the desert storm to the Balkans, Bosnia and Kosovo, to the operations that are still being carried out to keep Saddam Hussein in a box in Iraq, the American army has done brilliantly. 
You have seen, as middle-income people in this country, revenues drop by $4,300 per family, even though gasoline prices have risen by $2,000. 
Something else. 
General Twining, in January, fifty-nine, described the position of the United States. 
We had a good proposal, a moral proposal. 
I heard Mr. Dole say "all of us together" several times, and when he was asked if he would support equal rights and employment for gays and lesbians, you said you favored him, and he said he didn't believe in special rights. 
Savings accounts lose money instead of making money. 
Second, he said -- my opponent said where he worked to impose sanctions on Iran -- we already sanctioned Iran. 
And it is important that we do not grant any veto power to the United Nations or anyone else to act in our interest. 
And then, thanks to Bob Woodward, we learned that they knew. 
I question his judgment on these issues, or where he comes from He has the right to do so. 
So Governor Clinton can label it for the rich or whatever he wants. 
I've got a year ahead of schedule. 
Il change de position. 
In fact, the average cost of the policy is approximately $12,000. 
It is essential that a man who is president of this country defends without doubt all the programmes that will mean for growth. 
And now, let's start the debate with James Wieghart's first question. 
We have approvals, I think, of almost all the police groups, very, I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. 
So, let's straighten the file. 
RADDATZ: How do you do it so fast? 
And I was very strong. 
They're four years closer to a nuclear weapon. 
Saudi Arabia, just money. 
They have not only the right but also the obligation to defend themselves. 
John Kerry and I always said it. 
And you're talking about getting into the Iranian nuclear deal. 
The polluter pays provision is wrong. 
The fact is that employers who are making sure their employees pay for freight today, because they pay for those who are not. 
Governor Clinton, you have a minute. 
First of all, as a legislative leader. 
And I really respect him. 
The only way to become less dependent on foreign sources of crude oil is to explore at home. 
This is where the First World War began in the Balkans. 
But after saying that, America -- and we'll hear a lot of criticism. 
But we must prevent our jobs from being stolen from us. 
I ordered an investigation. 
It is the man of conventional forces who wants to eliminate two carrier combat groups. 
Let's say you have a five-year limit. 
The order of the first question was determined by the candidates in advance, and the first one goes to Vice-President Cheney. 
And then, thanks to tax incentives, cause the creation of enterprises providing jobs, etc. in these areas. 
I'm not saying it. 
It's his two minutes. 
Senator, I have a question for you, Senator Quayle. 
And my faith is very... very personal. 
We would have had the UN inspectors. 
It dealt with the control of government intelligence agencies. 
Clinton, Governor Clinton -- oh, President Bush, how do you want to respond? 
These are bad priorities. 
I questioned his proposals. 
PENCE: And so by creating the kind of American innovation, we are moving towards a stronger and better environment. 
First, Israel is a true friend. 
And I think that ultimately depends on what we're doing here. 
He's about a third lucky to be a professional man, about half lucky to own a house. 
Third, we need to strengthen federal programs to free districts to free schools and encourage innovators like Michael. 
Osama bin Laden and General Petraeus have one thing in common that I know, they both said that Iraq is the central battlefield. 
I have a strong feeling that we should sell weapons to Iran for its own national security, and as an ally - a strong ally of the United States. 
And there's all the evidence, all the indications that this government would be hostile to the United States. 
As such, accessibility and accessibility will be the keys to this $5,000 tax credit that is also available. 
Apart from what is obvious, like NATO, for example, which countries, which regions of the world do you consider to be vital national interests of this country, which means that you would send American troops to fight if they were in danger? 
He fought hard for some of the most difficult days of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and he paid the ultimate sacrifice to defend our freedom and secure this nation. 
Vice President Biden, yes, it's for you. 
The president said he was going to build a real coalition, exhaust the remedies of the UN. 
Number one, the 28 NATO countries, many of them do not pay their fair share. 
I have a plan in my budget to recruit 100,000 new highly qualified teachers and help local school districts build new schools. 
SCHIEFFER: Do you think Senator Biden is qualified? 
He's denigrating -- he's talking about our democracy. 
And frankly, he handled the H1N1 swine flu, and it was a total disaster. 
That would only give us a few months of oil and oil would not begin to sink for many years in the future. 
Next Tuesday, you will all go to the polls, you will be there in the polling station and you will make a decision. 
All right. 
We've got, like, a third of what it was. 
We cut taxes, we made record investments in education and infrastructure, and I still finished my term with $2 billion in k.t.s a little different from what Senator Kaine was governor here in Virginia. 
Senator Obama does not want a free trade agreement with our best ally in the region, but wants to sit on the table without preconditions for -- with Hugo Chavez, the guy who helped the FARC, the terrorist organization. 
And I know they say it's nowhere in the polls. 
And I said at that time that one of the things we could do, perhaps saving up to $5 to $7 billion, according to one of the major members of the House Budget Committee, was to recalculate the index used to determine the cost of living benefits paid to public service retirees, military retirees. 
The average person did not benefit. 
The Honourable Brit Hume, a question for Senator Quayle. 
And so, today, we are 90 per cent of the victims and 90 per cent of the cost: $200 billion -- $200 billion that could have been used for health care, schools, construction, prescription drugs for seniors, and that's Iraq. 
I don't know what was right, what was wrong, what was done. 
And I have every confidence that the same Americans who delivered this historic victory in 2016, they see this record as president, where we rebuild our army, we revived our economy with tax cuts and a decline in regulation, the fight for fair trade, the liberation of American energy. 
Look at both of your files. 
Libya has 6 million inhabitants; Egypt has 80 million. 
We've cut taxes to 15 million working Americans again, and now I have a plan that's been here for two years, it could have already passed, but instead, the Republicans closed the government to try to force their budget and plan on me, and I couldn't take that. 
And a number of pages were excised by the head of the agency, the man in charge, and he sent it here to the CIA, where other pages were excised before it was printed. 
MASHEK: Some democrats fight against words that spy and hide activity. 
You know, the president said he was going to cut the defense 60 billion dollars, he cut the defense 112 billion dollars. 
The song is "gloss, baby, drill". 
No, he doesn't know how to do that. 
But she's massively raising everyone's taxes. 
WHITE: Considering this country's long respect for the primacy of international law, was it fair for the United States to be involved in mining Nicaragua's ports, a country with which we are not at war, and to refuse to allow the World Court to rule on this dispute and Nicaragua's complaint? 
SCHIEFFER: I'll start by asking you this question, and I'll ask you to answer first, Senator Obama. 
Despite the fact that I believe you, sir, are you a big enough farmer, yourself, do you think it's time to decouple the subsidy formula from the amount of land the farmer has and target federal money to the small and medium-sized farmer? 
Finally, we think it is very important to rebuild the American army. 
Here's... (CROSSTALK) RADDATZ: Quick, Vice President? 
Again, the largest increase in health insurance premiums in the history of health insurance. 
Try to say that for the 20 million people who should lose their health insurance if Obamacare passes or the 7-point million -- 7.4 million older people who will lose it. 
You choose your own doctor, and no one can take that away from you. 
Number two, see one -- a replacement government being responsible people is essential to us. 
DUKAKIS: That is absolutely not true. 
Howard, I am a Southerner, and I share the basic beliefs of my region that an excessive intrusion by the government into the private affairs of U.S. citizens and into the private affairs of the free enterprise system. 
Neighbourhoods are safer when you punish people who commit crimes with weapons. 
Let's not raise taxes on anyone today. 
But we need to lower costs. 
Right now, we're at peace. 
Tax on their disability wages when they're lying in the hospital, people who sacrificed for our country. 
But there will always be elements in those countries that could threaten the United States. 
Can I answer that? 
Vice President Biden, same question. 
Gentlemen, each of you now has three minutes for a closing statement. 
Should not some of the programs you propose be sorted, delayed, or even eliminated? 
Will India win the economic struggle or will China win it? 
I don't think I need on-the-job training. 
Toi non plus. 
The fact is that this was a bill that was less than you recommended, Mr.Nixon, this morning in your proposal. 
I hope it's not the administration. 
And that's why it's going to be so important for us to work with the owners to make sure they can stay in their house. 
Now you will have a choice to make on election day. 
And, absolutely, I wanted an end to the violence, because it put enormous pressure on Georgia, and that is why I was the first to say that we need to rebuild the Georgian economy and called for a billion dollars that has now gone to help them rebuild. 
Quijano: Senator, I will give you about 30 seconds to answer, and I have a question about social security for you. 
The problem we have is that if you look at his file, he doesn't show the qualities of someone who has the conviction. 
But I'd say, if you were to split up, I think it's experience at this level. 
KAINE: ...and Saddam Hussein. 
Governor, just a minute. 
Let's take hydropower. 
And it's insulting to suggest that we would hit anyone for their faith, and in fact, Joe, if elected, will only be the second practicing Catholic, as president of the United States. 
It's Governor Pence in two minutes. 
The Wall Street Journal said your numbers don't add up. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Vice-President, a minute of rebuttal. 
STOCKDALE: I'd like to come in -- I feel like I'm an observer at a pingpong game, where they speak well, you know, it's professional, expert politicians who massage these complex conspiracies and know all the nuances for them. 
I am also saying, with education, that America needs to place much more emphasis on this and that our schools really need to be increased in terms of the funding they deserve. 
I'm gonna take a few days off and hold hands with you and get this airline thing straightened out, because it's important to this country. 
And the Los Angeles Times spent a lot of ink to get in. 
The Breaux Commission, a good effort for a bipartite solution for Medicare if you bought or did not buy the response that was generated, the fact is that the administration put it in place and pulled the plug on it because they would prefer to have a problem, not a solution. 
I am categorically opposed to the legalization of drugs. 
But the important thing is that I visited Afghanistan, travelled to Waziristan and travelled to those places, and I know what our security requirements are. 
No, let me tell you something about that. 
Two hundred and fifty thousand people... PENCE: If your son or my son were to deal with classified information as Hillary Clinton did... QUIJANO: ... one hundred thousand of them children — governor... PENCE: ... they would be court martial. 
One seventh of the total economy, 17 new taxes, price control, 35 to 50 new bureaucracies that cost $1.5 trillion. 
MCCAIN: It didn't go beyond mine, because I know it's a strategy that worked and that can succeed. 
What would you do differently? 
And some of these jobs, which will be created by Joe Biden, will concern clean energy and renewable energy. 
Our economy is 16 times larger than the Russian economy. 
Now, he used misguided words, but I think that in the fact that he apologized, that he was reprimanded, uh - allows him to stay and continue that kind of leadership that we need so much that we enter into negotiations, uh - uh - under the SALT II agreement, or if we have operations that could develop, uh, in the Middle East or South Africa, in the Pacific, uh - we need a man with that experience, that knowledge, that know-how, and I think, in light of the fact that he -- excused, uh -- would not have justified my request for resignation. 
The question is for President Bush, and the questioner is Robin Dahle. 
President Ford. 
I do not know that they rely on the army as I do, but we have our generals aligned, one in particular, who is the head of logistics. 
If you do not arrest him in six months, we will ask the Federal Trade Commission to take action against you. 
We die the future of our children. 
You don't know. 
And they have succeeded, despite all our arms control attempts, in moving forward with the greatest military build-up in human history. 
Those who have come here illegally take their place. 
They can't even buy drugs. 
We learned a lot, but Anthony said, "Don't wear masks. Now he wants to wear masks. 
But the point is sometimes the action - (Laughter) BUSH: - has to be taken by the federal government and when we have taken action, it has had a favourable response. 
I'm elected for four years. 
We used to be able to do more together on a bipartite basis than it seems possible today. 
I paid in advance. 
I believe that -- and when I became Governor of California, I began to do so, and I continue to do so in this office -- that any question that comes to mind, I instructed Cabinet and staff not to raise the political ramifications that might surround the issue. 
First of all, the Russia I have indicated is a geopolitical enemy. 
I highlighted what he said about the Persian Gulf war. 
Forgive me. 
His own CDC director says we could lose up to 200,000 people by the end of the year. 
In the area of national security and arms control, you need to understand the difference between a ballistic missile, a warhead, which throws the weight, what megatonning is. 
You know, in the 1970s, I worked for the Children's Defense Fund. 
We didn't get the promised government savings; we didn't get the 4% inflation we were supposed to get at the end of Carter's first term. 
We still have a lot of troops in Europe. 
I would only say that, even if we do not take credit for this - I do not assume - that since this committee was formed, the price line has been very well maintained within the United States. 
But on the other hand, on July 4 of this year, I found a new spirit born in America. 
Or is that possible? 
I want to make sure our Pell grant program continues to grow. 
But anyway, you did it now -- BUSH: I'm sorry. 
For the first time, we are talking about the impact of CO2 on the ozone layer. 
I'll show you tomorrow. 
This is an estimate of an earlier form of our tax reduction program and it is simply not true. 
But you don't invest in business. 
DOLE: Well, I think age is very -- you know, wisdom comes from age, experience, and intelligence. 
I didn't think it was a valid mission. 
And there was our money, taxpayers' money in it, and we didn't get the results. 
Over the past two years, we have restored integrity to the White House, and we have set high standards within the executive branch of government. 
This is the kind of leadership we have shown in the region. 
Thank you, Mrs. Hinerfeld. 
I've proposed a plan that can capture and contain it and clean it in four years. 
We will pass on the American dream to our children, and I will not leave our children a situation they have today. 
The force is coming in. 
This is the first half of the debate. 
And Bob and I respect that. 
Imagine what it is to be unjustly, unjustly, and to feel the unjust force of law simply because of race or ethnicity. 
And that's because we've become weaker in each of these four... (CROSSTALK) SCHIEFFER: ...you're going to have a chance to answer that, because it's a perfect segue in our next segment, and that is, what is America's role in the world? 
PENCE: – It would be important if you were to tell the truth. 
The Department of State conducted an investigation, and they concluded that all that Hillary Clinton did as Secretary of State was entirely in the interests of the United States. 
But -- and I think the United States can do whatever it can reasonably do. 
Let me talk about AIDS. 
Some of our planes, as the president points out, were older than pilots; ships that could not go to sea. 
We need moms and dads to raise kids. 
There are many democratic white tails running with antelope. 
And I've been trying to do it in public life all along. 
A free Iraq will set a powerful example in the part of the world that is desperate for freedom. 
I don't know. 
I'd like to hear from... TRUMP: Well... but she said one thing. 
And I doubt any frankness if the president knows that. 
I can't hear it from here -- I can hear it from here. 
The wave of intelligence is two things, Elaine. 
Nearly a thousand raised their hands. 
When did it happen? - So, Mr. Trump, let me add to that. 
They want to know why you're not doing anything about the pollution of the Atlantic Ocean. 
To date, he has never had a hearing. 
Thank you. 
But if you're talking about putting American troops on the ground, only in the interest of our national security. 
Tonight, the candidates agreed to devote all the time to answering questions on any question in the campaign. 
Hon.LEHRER: Senator Kerry, you have 30 seconds. 
I'm Hal Bruno from ABC News and I'm going to moderate tonight's debate. 
And we will. 
And today you will see that this promise is at the very heart of what republicanism represents in this country today. 
Look, we can grow this economy faster. 
I think it is fair to note - it can refute - that Arkansas is one of the few states that do not have civil rights legislation. 
Mondale, to turn to you, do you consider abortion a murder or a sin? 
I do not think he will be re-elected because the economy is a failure and offers more, and what he says about my program is simply not true. 
Thank you, Mr. President, for these kind words. 
Barack says it's time for them to spend their own money and have the 400,000 military weâ€TMve trained for them start taking their own responsibility and gradually over six months -- 16 months, withdrawal. 
What I think most important is that we recognize that in order to solve the key problems that we are facing, if we are to solve two wars, the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, if we can, if we are to focus on rising wages that have fallen over the last eight years and create jobs here in America, then Democrats, Independents and Republicans, we will have to be able to work together. 
And as soon as I found out, he got out of the door. 
You made a mistake about that. 
President. 
But we need to do even better. 
Your parents say horrible things. 
And if we fail, the cause of freedom fails. 
If an elector assumes you're pro-life. 
It's a difference between the government making decisions for you and you getting more money to make decisions for yourself. 
BUSH: What this figure - and I like the way Mrs Ferraro and Mr Zaccaro reported - because they reported federal taxes, state taxes and local taxes - gives people a clearer picture. 
Right? 
Mrs. Walters, a follow-up? 
Now that we have these surpluses, it is our responsibility to compensate the farmer during this period that we dispose of the farmer, the surpluses. 
The Ford administration has therefore done good work to help our good ally, Israel, and we are dedicated to Israel's survival and security. 
Anthony, I wouldn't. 
People don't dare -- doctors, to help someone along the highway who's injured because they're afraid some lawyers will come with them and get a big trial. 
And in a war, there's a lot -- there's a lot of tactical decisions that historians will look back and say, "He shouldn't have done that." 
And I don't mean you, Mr. President, but some people in our country think Pakistan is nice to us, and we should get away with it. 
OBAMA: ... who initiated - in fact, supports the charters. 
In addition, recently, when someone suggested the abolition of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, Governor Reagan responded, amen. 
And if Iraq were to fail, it would be a safe haven for terrorists, and there would be money and the world would be much more dangerous. 
I take my job seriously. 
Both sides bear a huge responsibility for this on their shoulders. 
We cannot solve this problem on our own. 
First, we need to build an economy that works for everyone, not just for those at the top. 
And I wouldn't join. 
You didn't think we should have shut down our country because you thought it was terrible. 
If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle, they heard we were coming the next day and they raised their hands and we went back to Seattle. 
Now we have them in place because of Congress. 
First of all, I don't think he can succeed in Iraq. 
So I think it will be remarkable. 
And then what about a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution? 
I will give American middle-class tax reductions, significant reductions. 
I'd like to mention one thing. 
One of them is Strobe Talbott in his classic book, "Deadly Gambits". 
All right, let's move on to our next section, which is climate change. 
Secondly, on the question of our position in the United Nations. 
School credits, which are important to me, because I have kids in college. 
Senator, can you identify any work of literature, art or even cinema that you have seen, read or lived in any way during the last two years that has had a particularly strong effect on you, and tell us why. 
We didn't know what we wanted and we were out of exchange in almost all cases. 
I've already talked about it, Mr. Gannon, as governor of Georgia. 
I served in Vietnam. 
I'm sorry, it means that what you did, whether it's right or wrong, you're forgiven for that. 
But the big argument I have with the governor about this is to take different positions on different issues -- trying to be one thing for a person here who opposes the NAFTA agreement and then for him -- what we call the dispute. 
I am looking for judges — and I have indeed chosen 20 judges for people to see, very respected, very thought-provoking, and indeed very nicely examined by some people who will respect the Constitution of the United States. 
"USA Today", just a few weeks ago, did a study. 
And in the years to come, it will be written that one or the other of us was elected and that he was or was not a great president. 
Medicare, I know you've talked about it, but Medicare is relevant to all of us, young and old. 
Mr. Mondale, you have been very critical of the President's Strategic Defence Initiative. 
Here's how we plan to do it: We have a balanced budget plan that targeted tax reductions for middle-income families. 
It hurts the middle class. 
I think we do not agree on the implication of his remarks this evening and on the statements he has made many times during his campaign to say that the United States has remained motionless. 
And never forget, they have Airbus there, and it is a public, private consortium throughout Europe. 
We want to talk about family and ethics. 
Let me make one last point. 
Now I want to go further. 
I think it is very important that we reform our eligibility programs. 
There's going to be a new Congress because the old one -- I don't want this man to be against me -- but there's been a postal scandal and a bank scandal. 
as beyond... EDWARDS: I'm not humiliating... 
Now we must ensure that we do so in an intelligent and comprehensive manner, and that we improve the legal system. 
It will be important for the President to be credible with Congress, important for the President to be credible with foreign nations. 
And it's from Sarah Degenhart. 
The right of indigent or very poor accused to a lawyer. 
I'm looking at Cuba, ninety miles off the coast of the United States. 
If he didn't, he would have told you. 
WELKER: What do you say to Americans who are concerned about this rhetoric? 
He said the biggest problem we have is North Korea. 
Today, four to seven nuclear weapons are in North Korea's hands. 
Our education is not in keeping with the standards that the American family and the American people want for their children. 
Why aren't schools open? 
PAGE: Thank you, Vice-President Pence – Thank you, Vice-President Pence. 
And the vast majority of all family businesses would be completely exempt, and all the others would have declined sharply. 
Instead of inflating the debt and multiplying it four times, we have seen the debt begin to be repaid. 
Does your answer mean that you would be willing to renounce the use of military force even if it meant the establishment of a Soviet dictatorship so close to our own borders? 
And they did a wonderful job, and they were wonderful, wonderful children. 
And this is, like, no growth. 
And then I thought, what are they going to say about us, what are these people going to think in 100 years? 
So I'd rather talk about my strength. 
You know, my wife, Hillary, gave me a book about a year ago in which the author defined madness as doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. 
Mr. McGee, there are about one hundred and four goods that have some kind of exhaustion allowance - different types of minerals, including oil. 
I supported Nunn-Lugar in the early 1990s, when many of my colleagues did not. 
We have to take this in a new direction, that's what I'm proposing as President. 
His rhetoric doesn't match his record. 
Like the Kyoto Treaty would have done. 
And it wasn't done by smart people. 
North Korea recently conducted its fifth and most powerful nuclear test. 
The reason is, because when we reform Wall Street, when we address the problem of pre-existing conditions, then, you know, these are difficult problems and we have to make choices. 
We have a lot of progress to make and we need to do more, but transforming the country into a regulatory effort by the federal government to suggest that we cannot work in harmony, "A" with the environment, and with business is a big mistake. 
The questions are mine, and I did not share them with the candidates or their assistants. 
Someone asked, "Why didn't you veto it?" 
A cotton farmer in Georgia or a peanut farmer or milk producer in Wisconsin and Minnesota, he cannot protect himself from the forces of supply and demand in the market; but he can work together in effective government programs that he can do. 
Now we should be concerned about it, and we should be involved. 
My intentions in the area of civil rights have been set out in the Republican Platform. 
President Ford, your answer. 
I think it's time America started moving again. 
So, I would say that someone in Judge Stevens' format would be the kind of individual I would choose in the future, as I did in the past. 
And we're going to keep pressuring to make sure they don't have nuclear weapons. 
What I'd say is, I'm gonna stop the virus, not the country. 
There's a family in the audience tonight, the McNeil family, who lives here in St. Petersburg. Both parents are teachers, they are not rich in money, but they have strong values and they appreciate education. 
Now, what happened in July we covered over and over again. 
TRUMP: No, no, but it's a big question — 
I understand what it takes to restore a bright and prosperous future for America. 
I want to explain to you what I thought. 
They are -- the visibility of their presence only corresponds to our absence, because we focused on Iraq. 
Lisa Kee, where are you? 
We spent $300 billion a year defending the world. 
Number three, he's setting up an unelected council that's going to tell people at the end of the day what kind of treatment they can have. 
We took the child to New York. Thanks to the miraculous sacrifice of doctors and nurses, the child remained alive for six months and died. 
I've got 10 points. 
What I do not understand about Mr Bush's approach to this is how it could be serious to reduce this deficit in view of what he says he wants to do. 
Mr.LEHRER: Mr.Speaker, the honourable senator referred to drugs. 
The only guy who made money from China is him. 
Our security depends on Latin America. 
But I think that at this stage in our country's history, it is important that we do not overthrow marital equality, that we do not resent Roe v. Wade, that we oppose the United Citizens, that we defend the rights of people in the workplace, that we oppose each other and that we essentially say: The Supreme Court should represent all of us. 
They did. 
And the flow of imports into this country is flooding the American people. 
In fact, there are serious problems. 
We must ask Syria to release the three Israeli soldiers who were captured. 
I think the American people deserve to know that. 
Joe Biden has a story of lifting people and fighting for their dignity. 
But a president must also have a vision of where this nation should go. 
He brought an extraordinary sense of business. 
He said I was wrong about Iraq. 
Poverty has not increased in this administration, nor has it decreased significantly, which means that we have a challenge ahead of us. 
My answer is that these people live on what they call fence lines. 
You've got one in six down there. 
Yet, the minimum wage was blocked at, what, $5. 
Libya has disarmed. 
You know what that is? 
Mrs. Drew, your question to Governor Carter. 
In this spirit of debate, unreservedly, to dispel the clouds of lies, gentlemen, let us proceed. 
I think we can do it. 
It's not midnight in America, senator. 
I think we will have a permanent responsibility, as the only remaining superpower, to remain involved. 
I'm going to let you answer and we're going to extend that for a while. 
Cops, firefighters, first responders, teachers — because they have to balance their budget. 
Our coalition against Saddam is breaking up. 
Look at these little kids, and if anyone can even think about legalizing the drugs, they've lost me. 
MCCAIN: No one can oppose any other energy. 
We will continue on the issue of race. 
In an Obama-Biden administration, there will be absolutely no distinction from a constitutional or legal point of view between the same sex and a heterosexual e. e. The fact is that under the Constitution we should be granted -- same-sex couples should have access to hospitals, joint ownership of property, life insurance policies, etc. 
We do nothing to reduce the maximum load requirement. 
I shouldn't have a preference. 
You can trust the... 
One of the things I did in Texas was that I was able to form a good team of people. 
Don't worry, hot weather. 
Mr Trump, can we just take 10 seconds and then we ask the last question... TRUMP: You know, Hillary hits me with huge ads. 
And Donald never tells you what he'd do. 
You're on tape. 
But we believe in the market, we believe in the population, and yes, there is a role of government, and the role of government is to ensure that the safety - and the health and well-being of the population - are taken care of. 
It's clear to everyone. 
I just want to know for someone -- we're getting closer to the end of our time here. 
He had a Democratic Chamber, a Democratic Senate, a super majority in both houses. 
Because he and President Obama left me 128 judges to fill. 
And I think in this case, some of the more liberal members of the so-called Warren Court agreed with these decisions. 
I agree that the surplus is the money of the American people, it's your money. 
I put my veto on 993 measures without the veto being overturned. 
My opponent looked at the same information I looked at and declared in 2002 that Saddam Hussein was a serious threat. 
And for now, I have to tell you that I don't think there is an excuse for interest rates to be as high as they are because we have reduced inflation so low. 
When I campaigned in a race, many people didn't think I could win, including, by the way, my mom. 
The people over there are doing well. 
But it's as far away as I'd go with it. 
I look at the Soviet flag on the moon. 
I have a better plan for home security. 
These 140 citizens have been identified by the Gallup organization as not yet involved in this election. 
It is a matter of life and death.I have worked in my state to reduce teenage pregnancy and disease among children. 
Because when you don't have any tax, and you have enough tax to pay for your out-of-game, you pay it several times as much as the price and inflation rise; and I just won't do it. 
But I find it more troubling than that, that is, the day after the assassination of the United States ambassador, the first time since 1979, when -- when we have four Americans killed there, when apparently we didn't know what happened, that the president, the next day, flies to Las Vegas for a political fundraiser, then the next day in Colorado for another event, another political event. 
This means that this mission succeeds, as well as the young people who re-engaged in Baghdad, as did the mother I met at the airport the other day whose son was killed. 
It's social security and health insurance. 
I guess he thinks he looks better now to contrast with me because I voted in favour. 
The issue was discussed in detail. 
I think I'm building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making the university debt-free so that more young people can get their education, help people refinance their university debt at a lower rate. 
I don't have the stomach for genocide in Darfur. 
And we need to do something about it. 
- They're coming for you. 
There is no way to predict that my family could be able to own a home or take my child to college. 
You're talking about leverage. 
I believe the government's role is to stand side by side with our citizens to help them realize their dreams, not tell citizens how to live their lives. 
Ronald Reagan was the last president... WALLACE: Secretary Clinton, excuse me. 
And, Gwen, at the time, I was specifically talking about this issue of unilateral sanctions. 
Looking at this problem of how the United States should move forward and where the United States is moving forward, I think it's good that we take the advice of a very famous activist: let's look at the case. 
My grandfather had immigrated to this country when he was about my son's age. 
I regret that this President made a huge error of judgment. 
I made a mistake in the way I talk about it. 
Number two, I don't make money from China, you do. 
We had naval ships that could not leave the port due to lack of crew or, again, lack of spare parts. 
This is part of my commitment to raising taxes on the rich. 
They can provide us with information that we might not get anywhere else. 
- Not much. 
They do it all over America because they have to. 
I watched the slowest growth of the century. 
Could you tell us precisely what important proposals you have made over the last eight years and which have been adopted by the Administration? 
Before we leave the economy, let's go back to health insurance. 
Yet, the basis of your proposals on weapons, as I understand it, is a mutual and verifiable freeze on existing weapons systems. 
Once again in the Middle East, peace talks on the one hand, deadly clashes on the other, and the flashpoint, Jerusalem, and then there is Syria. 
Please don't applaud. 
He said it would hurt the economy. 
You must be faithful to your friends. 
You and the Democratic Party have said that the only policy towards the horrific civil wars in Central America should be economic development and negotiations, with perhaps a quarantine of Marxist Nicaragua. 
Is the person guilty of the crime? 
I guess the only thing I'm worried about, Ann, is this attempt to label the things we all believe in. 
And it's very different from those guys running in the hallways whispering in their ears now and promising campaign funds for the next election if they do. 
But when the President of the United States does something just, something that is intended to defend the security of this country against a surprise attack, he can never express his regrets or apologies to anyone, including Mr Khrushchev. 
We're gonna limit some of these guys sitting here tonight. 
The other day, my opponent received a presentation from the CIA. 
But it is extremely difficult to make that judgment. 
We must use persuasion, not intimidation. 
Actually, I wrote a book about it. 
I'm always focused, as you know, on Gwen, I've been focusing for a long time, with Barack on Pakistan. 
Mr President, I am pleased to be here again with you to share similarities and differences with the American people. 
Our health care system is the envy of the world because we believe that decisions are made by doctors and patients, not by national capital officials. 
They're dying to have business. 
So the fact is, I want people to have tax cuts. 
Wonderful. 
AFL-CIO the other day, behind the blue screen, I don't know who you were talking to, Secretary Clinton, but you were totally out of control. 
Therefore, there does not appear to be a shortage of investment capital. 
Vice-President, some of your first campaign publications said that you were doing a study to see if new laws were needed to protect the public from excessive use of power by unions. 
I think that some common sense security measures are certainly necessary with the flood of cheap handguns that have sometimes worked their way in the hands of the wrong people. 
I'm not proud to be honest with you. 
KERRY: What I think is very disturbing in our country is that the president has just described some kind of mistake. 
I signed a bill to put an end to these deliveries by car when insurance companies can force people out of the hospital after 24 hours and I vetoed Senator Dole's health insurance plan, which would have forced many seniors to take care of their families and take much more money from their pockets and led to health insurance wilting on the vine. 
But I always say what I mean. 
I'm Lester Holt, anchor of NBC Nightly News. 
We should deploy a missile defence shield in the Czech Republic and Poland that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama withdrew from not wanting to offend the Russians in 2009. 
Especially where it's someone you've had business with. 
WALLACE: Do you support the . 
Well -- ROMNEY: And it's not -- it won't be necessary. 
Their idea was a budget that the American Hospital Association said could close 700 hospitals. 
You know exactly what he said. 
All right, let's go to the next section — 
You said in the Boston debate, governor, on this nation-building issue, that the American army is overloaded now. 
Well, he made the promise. 
I think if you talk to someone, that's no choice. 
First of all, I don't have a $5 trillion tax reduction. 
In fact, we drill more on public land than in the previous administration and my former president was an oil man. 
And, you know, that's... you're right. 
But that doesn't mean we don't have a long way to go. 
Just the facts. 
Now I've come out with a new agenda for America's renewal, a plan that I believe will really help stimulate the growth of this economy. 
TREWHITT: Governor Carter, prior to this event the most communications I received related to Panama. 
They've got about 12,000. 
And believe me, when you look at arms control and try to deal with the Soviet Union, you cannot come from a naive position. 
That is one of the reasons why we have the lowest murder rate in any industrial state in the country. 
And they set up a Marxist-Leninist totalitarian government. 
And the people of Serbia know that they can escape all these sanctions if this guy has become out of power. 
Did you look at your pension? 
I'll be president of the United States, not vice president of the United States. 
I respect his right not to agree with me. 
And I think from the point of view of the nation, it worked in our relationship, in this administration. 
And it's not just about looking at our words that you have to take as proof of where they are going. 
We see civil rights as a crime in your neighborhoods. 
We have not adequately funded the care of veterans. 
COOPER: You said you wanted to end Obamacare... TRUMP: By the way... COOPER: You said you wanted to end Obamacare. 
And so, we have a good army. 
I care about the entire American people. 
However, many days this young girl in Florida was in her class, even if it was only one day, does not change the fact that there are many overcrowded classes in America and we need to do something about it. 
Yes. 
Russia continues to fight us at the UN on many occasions. 
It is also about women, it is about other efforts to try to reach out and be inclusive in our country. 
Each middle-class family is eligible for a tax reduction under my proposal. 
RADDATZ: But I want to know how you do math and get that increase in defense spending? 
OBAMA: With respect to community colleges, we are witnessing excellent work across the country because we have the opportunity to train people for jobs that currently exist. 
I have a plan for Iraq. 
Members of the clergy who did the same. 
What will determine whether Senator Kennedy or myself, if I am elected, were a great chair? 
And you asked a good question because they're not just elderly people. 
We're gonna talk about the middle class tax reduction here in a minute. 
And so what I do is that I lower tax rates, deductions and exemptions, the same idea behind Bowles-Simpson, by the way, get the lower rates, deductions and exemptions, to create more jobs, because there is nothing better to get us to a balanced budget than to have more people working, to earn more money, to pay more taxes. 
And you say they're coming back. 
This agreement is terribly destructive for the American air industry. 
Why don't you leave them with them? 
My compatriots, I am this man and I ask for your support. 
But it's a conversation in the locker room. 
Canadian oil is good. 
We now intend to continue the revitalization programme with increased commitments in the areas of rapid transit and public transit. 
That is what I am going to do because the American people have now seen that in fact it was a mistake to pass these drug laws. 
I would like to be a little more specific about the use of military power and talk about an area for a moment. 
- Well, Susan. 
But I want the time of Admiral Stockdale. 
We just have a different point of view on what is best for economic growth, how we make investments that will actually produce jobs and rising incomes.I think we come from a somewhat different point of view. 
We saw the same thing in Lebanon, where we spent a lot of American assets. 
Osama bin Laden attacked us. 
But I am someone who believes very strongly in taking care of fundamentals first before you start new things. 
There's trouble banks out there. 
The costs of health care, as you say, go up sharply, the cost of war. 
He feeds on all racist fire, all fire. 
Second, I don't have a litmus test. But what I would do is name people on the federal bench who will not legislate on the bench, who will interpret the Constitution. 
You're thinking, why didn't they do the right thing? 
I'm not... 
No, I think the masks are fine. 
GORE: Well, I don't understand the basis of the accusation that we caused the monetary crisis in Mexico. 
That's the difference. 
One minute after you. 
We had 1.2 million bankruptcies, set a new record. 
John McCain voted against troop funding because of an amendment he voted against had a timetable to withdraw American troops. 
All right, senator. 
The Women's Voting League is pleased to welcome Jimmy Carter, President of the Convention Center in Cleveland, Ohio. 
You know, you remember "shock and admiration"? 
This lesson tells us two things: First, choose a chair you know whether this tragic moment ever comes from what he needs to know, because there will be no time for staffing committees or advisors. 
He's honest. 
I objected to the grain embargo in my administration. 
But we have an employer-based system. 
So the president's wrong. 
And if I have the opportunity to name her, I will do it the same way I did to choose her. 
Gentlemen, let's go. 
Panama? 
We think this is very important because many people take care of their parents. 
He wanted to give us this great system, which took over about one-seventh of the economy, which put on price control, created all these state alliances, and would cost $1.5 trillion and force people to take care, whether they want it or not. 
That's how he earns $3. 
Secondly, in addition to that, if we enter a period of recession, we should move on to the part of the economy represented by the private sector, and I mean stimulating that part of the economy that can create jobs - the private sector of the economy. 
These are two hypo-rhetorial questions. 
Some experts say it could go at $1 trillion next year. 
And so, of course, we want to exert international pressure on Russia in the hope that it will change and eventually change their behaviour. 
Mr President, you and your party are enjoying what seems to be an erosion of the old democratic coalition, but you have not set a specific agenda for this change beyond 6 November. 
But he and Mr. Kissinger and others tried to start a new Vietnam in Angola, and it was only the outcry of the American people and Congress when their secret agreement was discovered that prevented our participation in this conflagration that took place there. 
I'm thinking of all the people I grew up with and who I went to school with and who I'm in touch with and who let me forget how what we're doing in Washington affects you all there in America. 
I will choose judges who will interpret the Constitution, but I will not have a litmus test. 
We need regulation on Wall Street. 
I'm in a big farm condition. 
They said that the rich are doing very well in America, that the wealthy, the poor and the poor are left behind. 
I was particularly moved to Richmond a few days ago when 209 of our fellow citizens had to ask us questions. 
Our moderator is Bill Moyers. 
Of the nine million people who have been working in new jobs since I was in office, 1.3 million have been among black Americans, and another million of those who speak Spanish. 
Number two, we must take care of this missile situation and try to get the nuclear war behind us and give this very high priority. 
It's only 1 in 1000. 
Mr. Vice President, your answer. 
I believe in the greatness of our country, and I believe that the American people are ready for a change in Washington. 
It was certainly not the attitude that took place to the west, however. 
So I think it's a pay scale case, to recognize that if we're going to have young men and women responsible for our safety, dealing with this sophisticated equipment, then for heaven's sake, let's go out and have a pay scale that is commensurate with the sacrifice we're asking for. 
BUSH: I too thank the University of Miami, and I say that our prayers are with the good people of this state, who have suffered a lot. 
Let's move on to Iran and Pakistan. 
We believe we're trying something new to help these black teenagers; the minimum wage gap that says, "Look," to an employer, " Hires these guys. 
Destroying what's happening to our cities. 
TRUMP: First of all, I called my accountants — under audit. 
It wasn't done by anyone. 
We should be very proud of our soldiers who have played such a critical role in the establishment of this peace in Bosnia. 
It's very real. 
I think it's divided, Jim, not so much between white and black, although it's still a very serious problem. 
I'll hunt them down, and we'll kill them, we'll capture them. 
No one who earns less than $250,000 under Obama's plan will see a single cent of their tax increase if it's their capital gains tax, their income tax, investment tax, any tax. 
That is why I supported legislation at first instance in Congress. 
Of course, I disagree with what the President said about my own file and the things I said. 
There's no such threat. 
I respect the sincerity that he-- he makes this suggestion. 
First of all, in terms of standing up to the leaders of my party, the first major bill on which I voted in the Senate was in favour of reform of criminal responsibility, which was not very popular with first-instance lawyers, an important constituency of the Democratic Party. 
Now we've had this break, but most economists, regardless of their political philosophy, uh - say that this break for a month or two was healthy, because we couldn't honestly have maintained a growth rate of 9.2 percent that we had in the first quarter of this year. 
I don't want to embarrass our eldest daughter. 
I intend to have a summit with all the allies, which this president has not yet realized, he has not yet been able to do to bring people to the table. 
It is a matter of jobs, which is a topical issue today. 
To reduce the cost of health care, we do not need a board of 15 people to tell us what types of treatments we should have. 
I also learned that there are no simple answers to complicated questions. 
Do you want to limit the lawyer's fees? 
In fact, your case is such that Ted Kennedy, your colleague, is the Conservative Senator of Massachusetts. 
He did not take this position on Budapest. 
I believe that it is in our interest and in the interests of Israel, Iran and Saudi Arabia that the United States sells arms to those countries. 
We'll be back in Iraq in a moment. 
(Laughs and applause) PEROT: I'm sure I'll do it before it's over. 
And in one way or another, you will also face the deficit that we already have. 
Mr. CROWLEY: Mr. President, two minutes here, because we will then move on to our last question. 
I am not running for the presidency because I think I can solve the problems we have been talking about tonight. 
I think it's a good program. 
Is the guy who's not at work better? 
If you like it, you'll love Canada and England. 
I went there because it was obvious that we had a total disagreement about what should be done with the company. 
Take the marriage penalty, for example. 
We got one in Texas. 
I don't think that's an appropriate goal in trying to clean up this environment. 
We have supported schemes for minority and women's businesses. 
You work harder to put food on the table, feed your children. 
We can no longer afford to be the second best. 
Don't put words in my mouth that I'm not defending it. 
The report that said $650_which, by the way, many friends of me who know my business say, boy, it's really not a lot of money. 
I've been tested. 
I think we should protect our commitments. 
My 40th meeting is in 10 days. 
And we can do so in a way that mobilizes our forces, that provides real support to state and local law enforcement officials who have not received this support, and that will do so in a way that will reduce violence in this nation, help our young people stay away from drugs, stop this avalanche of drugs spilling into the country, and enable our children and families to grow up in safe and decent neighbourhoods. 
So don't tell me about that. 
And we need -- to make sure we have people who are interrogators trained so that we never torture a prisoner again. 
And the last thing I would like to say is that this grain agreement with the Soviet Union in 1972 was terrible, and Mr Ford did so with three embargoes, one against our own ally in Japan. 
Now, Vice President Nixon, your closing statement. 
If I can get you to defend myself and I can spend all my money building industry that's a home run for me. 
It doubles about every five years. 
The key is to ensure that Iraqis assume responsibility for their own security. 
That's the difference. 
Yes, I have scars to show to be around education reform. 
Let me name them. 
Was it a failure of intelligence? 
There is no question, but that we will defend Guantanamo if he is attacked. 
Look at the President's file: Air quality legislation has passed the Democratic Congress because of George Bush's leadership. 
You see, I don't think we need to impose more and spend more, and then say it's gonna make the problem better. 
it owes through the diagnostic teaching tools K-2, the money of teacher training, available. 
We helped stabilize the situation with some troops, and when the African Union came, we displaced them. 
The tape shows I'm right. 
Our companies are not out of service. 
Now, under my proposal, for every dollar I'm proposing in spending on things like education and health care, I'm going to put another dollar in the middle class tax cuts. 
We still have the strictest air control, or air pollution laws in the country. 
They're not as stupid as Washington thinks. 
I am thinking of the class teachers, the class teachers I had, the class teachers the young people have today and who are true heroes for our young people. 
We're going as fast as the experts say we should. 
We have to deny them the recruits. 
We have agreed in principle to an insurance agreement, and we are now working on three or four other areas, but the way you need to do this is to make sure you're competitive. 
But just one point I want to highlight, Tom. 
And I just have to say it's okay. 
And that's why we need to make some investments and I called for investments in solar, wind, geothermal. 
needs. 
It never happened in America. 
I think we should strengthen the enforcement of firearms laws so that those already in the books can be implemented much more effectively. 
Several years ago, I was given a mission to write a letter. 
Robert Rubin looked at his plan and said it wouldn't work. 
I think -- you know, I'm starting to understand it. 
I remember 1973 in the depth of the energy crisis when President Nixon called on the American people to make a sacrifice, to reduce the waste of fuel, to reduce the speed of cars. 
My attitude is that you are taking preventive measures to protect the American people, that you are acting to secure this country. 
Who is the person who thought the best thing for America is -- to have a tax system that is fundamentally fair? 
Firstly, the first answer comes to you, Mr President, in two minutes. 
Yes, I asked you if that was the case. 
That's not how you deal with the Soviets. 
And you have commented, however, that man does not live by bread alone. 
WALLACE: I would like to ask you a question about a final subject, because your different approaches have even affected the way you campaigned. 
My wife Karen and I were there and we were honored to be here. 
It goes even further towards a balanced budget, and that helps. 
But we don't think we should take away the right of people like Valérie Laky, who was the girl I represented, five years old, seriously injured for life, on a defective swimming pool blanket. 
The rich did very well. 
You must understand the Soviet Union. 
The President's path will mean continuing the drop in wages to take away. 
So I think you're right and I hope the rest of the night belongs to you. 
Two is to say that if you want to access the reading money, you can do it. 
We're helping. 
Secretary, allow me to speak to Mr Trump. 
And in most cases, the failure to meet the test was due to a shortage of staff, the inability to fill a large number of slots in these divisions. 
I have a proposal for a tax reduction for all people who earn less than $200,000. 
He supported the President. 
ROMNEY: Well, I - I absolutely believe that America has a - a responsibility, and the privilege of helping to defend freedom and promote the principles that - that make the world more peaceful. 
Why do we give it to the oil industry? 
It's the most dangerous technology we have. 
6 million jobs lost. 
Let's -- let's pay suppliers on the basis of performance rather than on the basis of the number of procedures they have initiated -- they have started. 
First, I support the second amendment. 
And, uh - these projections were made very carefully. 
Well, the White House is an insulting chair, and I think we should hit the table every day. 
Benson's program will cost $1 billion more than the current program, which costs about $6 billion a year, the most expensive in history. 
The administration says they support instant control. 
You have a relative who works for the government, the other who works for the family. 
He kept saying, "Look at her. 
The difference is that even though my plan begins with a new accountability and maintains local control, it does not end there. 
What I have done in my position of helping, as governor of a state that is rich enough in natural resources, we have a $40 billion investment fund, a savings fund called the Alaska Permanent Fund. 
I believe that the role of the army is to fight and win the war and thus to prevent war from occurring in the first place. 
That's how you don't do it. 
And that's the perspective I bring when I think about what's called rights. 
GIBSON: Senator. 
She gave back money to the taxpayers. 
The way my opponent talks, he said, "We're going to spend the government money. 
As president, what sacrifices are you going to ask every American to make to help restore the American dream and get out of the economic immorality in which we are now? 
I think we have a question here. 
We tried to overthrow him in the Senate. 
Let us now turn to the first question in this section. 
Release your tax return. 
That is why my balanced budget plan will continue to invest and develop this economy. 
We will balance the budget by 2002. 
But I say a majority are. 
Now, I know Donald Trump doesn't like to think of himself as small anything, but -- but that's how you define small businesses if you get business income. 
President Bush, a minute's answer, sir. 
I said, if we do the things I put in place and we succeed, we could start withdrawing the troops in six months. 
And what I would say is that we need to adopt criminal justice reform at the national level. 
It contains good provisions. 
With a new 15-minute segment... TRUMP: It will increase taxes by $1.3 trillion. 
You were quoted as saying that the fetus has no constitutional rights. 
The point is -- the point is that we can repair our economy. 
I met these people, and I met them in Fort Wayne, Indiana, in a food bank. 
CARTER: We will maintain our position of neutrality in the war in Iran and Iraq. 
How can we help people like us to get their retirement when they work for small businesses, to be able to pay for health insurance, to be able to educate their children. That's what I want to focus on. 
I have Florida. 
It's... Governor, you're the last person who's going to get tough with China. 
And you know what? 
There is another point that needs to be raised. 
This risky plan that I have described tonight has been said by many objective observers not to add up, it would be a serious risk. 
We have a duty to defeat this enemy. 
As I said at the beginning, the question for all of us, for all the Republicans and for all the Democrats is: can freedom in the next generation conquer, or will communists succeed? That's the big problem. 
Somoza's question -- no, I never defended Somoza. 
Secondly, the number of 50 million Americans who do not benefit from our tax reduction program is absolutely false. 
I never said that we should write it in the law if there is evidence that this goal cannot be achieved. 
Saddam Hussein would have continued to weaken. 
Number two, open up more trade, especially in Latin America. 
We have launched a very good urban renewal programme, in collaboration with mayors, governors and other interested officials. 
He says you can't gag a doctor, the doctor can advise you. 
It's not done. 
We have here our own Secretary of State who had to apologize to the world for his presentation to the United Nations. 
They need to know, in other words, that it is a national suicide if they start something. 
And when you get the growth of the economy, Elaine, it's when you can face the national debt. 
I thought the President had done the right thing with Mexico and strongly supported the Mexican administration. 
A doctor must take care of a woman who uses it. 
I know the vice president and the president don't see him, but you see him. 
I know what our needs are. 
When I was at Congress 1978, I sat down and met a person I felt very close, a Bishop at the present time. 
It's going to take leadership, and it's going to take courage. 
It was vetoed by the previous administration. 
I mean, that's really amazing. 
It breaks my heart to think, but the army entered the oval office, presented a plan. 
I was opposed to the war. 
The president didn't have much to do. 
I'm not proud of a record. 
When I look at the current agreements, when I look at what's going on with horrible things like Obamacare, where your health insurance and health care are going up with numbers that are astronomical, 68 percent, 59 percent, 71 percent, when I look at the Iran deal and how bad it is for us, it's a unilateral transaction where we're returning $150 billion to a terrorist state, really, the number one terrorist state, we made them a strong country from a very weak country three years ago. 
And when you go through the registration process, you, in fact, penalize that person who uses his weapon for very legitimate purposes. 
Why not try to help them with my small business program to build incentives in the system? 
Look at the dramatic changes around the world. 
But he will take some studies and some work, and not just pass a tax increase to let the charge - or roof - fall on the next administration. 
It's God's will, it'll happen. 
GORE: A photo permit I.D. Like a driver's license for new handguns and, you know, Los Angeles -- MODERATOR: Excuse me, you should get the license -- a photo I.D. And before you can buy the gun? 
This is unfair and unacceptable. 
He's talking about Detroit. 
Mr President, let me go back to that. 
And also, I really came up with another question. 
I want to bring it back and get good jobs and raise wages at home. 
We support the low-income energy assistance program. 
You said Aleppo fell. 
That's for sure. 
I'm really a Texan. 
In Nicaragua, you have something very different. 
And Colin Powell helped organize this summit. 
I'm fine. 
Secretary Clinton, your two minutes. 
And the way to reduce them is to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies, without vetoing family planning legislation as George Bush has always done. 
You spend millions and millions of dollars on negative ads that scare seniors. 
Neither I nor anyone else, as far as I know, agreed to give him our power of attorney to say that all he did was for the workers of this country and for the interests of this country. 
Never have so many people seen at the same time the main candidates for the presidency of the United States; and never before this series saw the candidates face to face. 
And when I'm president, I'll go line by line to make sure we don't spend money recklessly. 
Many people pushing hey, the United States should declare itself and not be so neutral in this particular situation. 
REAGAN: I'm not so sure it means constantly higher fuel costs, but I think this nation has been described for too long for people as being energy-poor when it's energy-rich. 
And the forbidden sky, yes, it would never happen, no matter how it ends, that it would never happen with either one. s for disagreement with John McCain and how our administration would work, what do you expect? 
RADDATZ: Okay, we're now looking at the candidates for their final statements. 
Vice President. 
All right, let's go to the next main question, which is essentially follow-up on the same subject. 
And I'll try to do better. 
But, once again, I want to come back. 
Let's move on. 
KENNEDY: Well, I still find it difficult to recognize my positions when they are declared by the Vice-President. 
It's great to be here in Atlanta for this debate where America will be presented to the world when the 1996 Olympic Games are presented here. 
QUAYLE: The president has a commitment from Boris Yeltsin to eliminate the SS-18. 
At my discretion, I can extend the discussion by offering each candidate an additional 30 seconds. 
But even more so, they're models. 
The Philippines - we have help - we help them bring to justice Al-Qaida affiliates. 
SMITH: The next question Mr.Novins asked Senator Kennedy. 
I know that Senator Kennedy is as deeply concerned about these issues as I am, but our disagreement is not about the goals for America, but only about how to achieve those goals. 
I have more experience than others who have sought to hold the position of Vice-President. 
Very quickly, please. 
Because he's not gonna do that. 
And we probably have two and a half million more people who are no longer looking for jobs, because they have given up hope. 
In fact, he said he would agree with everyone - he would disapprove of the vetoes that I made, and would have added a lot to the federal government's spending and deficit. 
In some cases, we will have to invest. 
Governor Clinton has a minute after you. 
You have up to two minutes. 
We passed the bill in the Senate this year, but it was not passed by the House. 
TRUMP: How do you help your small businesses when you force wages. 
Are our strength and prestige rising? 
The rest, as to whether the land will be open in the next five years, we are already five years behind in what we should do. 
How about, governor, someone say hey for a minute, why not Africa, I mean why the Middle East, why the Balkans, but not Africa, when 600,000 lives are in danger? 
Mr President, let me try you. 
You'll have two minutes, without interruption. 
I was beaten for a very strong title in the agricultural bill for the conservation reserve program to set aside millions of acres of land to help improve wildlife and habitat. 
I don't think that's the kind of policy we want. 
Nouveau ... 
Hon.GIBSON: Senator, I want to extend for a minute, you're talking about tax credits to stop outsourcing. 
And I think he should talk about this great moral issue and give his point of view clearly. 
She'll be strong as long as I'm the president. 
But we are also a nation of laws. 
You agreed with Bernie Sanders and the manifesto. 
Come in. Come right now. 
Both parents are teachers, they are not rich in money, but they have strong values and they appreciate education. 
I don't think the economy will work. 
I'm looking for numbers, not just a concept. 
But when I proposed my plan last Tuesday, he or one of his spokespersons called it socialized medicine. 
There is no environmental control, no pollution control and no retirement. 
Now we all know that more needs to be done. 
Senator? 
And I could say that two thirds of the Republicans in the House voted against a minimum wage of twenty-five hundred dollars and that a majority of the Democrats supported it - almost two thirds of them voted for the twenty-five dollar. 
I think that should be an objective. 
In fact, Mexico itself is one of our largest agricultural customers, so in the sense that we can work to help Mexico rebuild, expand and deal with these very serious economic problems, we are helping our farmers at the same time. 
We have submitted the largest drug budget of all time. 
TRUMP: Well, you didn't do very well in swine flu. 
The platform on which Mr.Kemp and Senator Dole rely promises a constitutional amendment to remove a woman's right to choose and get the government to intervene and order that woman to do what the government says, whatever the circumstances. 
This is the work we have done and the work we will do to move forward and, once again, I will not be given by the Vice-President on our record of what we have done to enforce the law and maintain the security of our community and a commitment to reform America's criminal justice system. 
One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at the age of 12, was raped at the age of 12. 
You are concerned about the quality and safety of your children, as well as the quality of education. 
If they don't do this, it's a very difficult situation for our country, because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. 
That's not what I think. 
Come on. 
Let's take the NAFTA agreement -- GORE: Well, wait -- BRUNO: Let's go on, Mr. Vice-President. 
I have often heard President Eisenhower discuss this issue, make the statement that if we begin once the process of indicating that this point or this point is not the place to arrest those who threaten the peace and freedom of the world, where do we stop them? 
One minute for the discussion. 
Bill Clinton has the same record. 
In addition, employment programs to re-employ young people in our cities would be very high on my list of priorities, both the Youth Opportunities Act 1980 and a $1 billion program that I would recommend put young people at work in energy projects, conservation projects, projects that would achieve some of our country's major national goals. 
The presidents nominated in all 29 cases. 
No, look... 
Hillary and I want to do law enforcement based on, people are dangerous? 
Can I answer that? 
Do they have a passion in their lives that has manifested itself before they are in public life? 
Yes. 
All right, now we have 5 minutes to talk. 
Nor is there any question, but that the free people of Cuba - the people who want to be free - will be supported and will reach their freedom. 
Okay, Mr. Perot, the next question -- we're going to start a new round here on a category that just called the differences, and the question is up to you, Mr. Perot, and Gene is going to ask it. 
Thank you Kerry for your question, it's important. 
CLINTON: It's one — it's — go to — the fact-checkers, please, at work. 
We didn't do that. 
I like the fact that people pray for me and my family all over the country. 
Secondly, in the area of schools, we believe that there should be provisions for the federal government to assist districts that want to integrate their schools. 
That's not the teacher's problem. 
I propose to save the taxpayers of this country from this kind of expensive leap. 
And then what would happen because of the cost of the car that you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased. 
In Texas neighborhood politics and I've seen it at the national level. 
You will then have two minutes to answer, without interruption from me or the other candidate. 
You wonder, Nikki, why people don't like us in some parts of the world. 
That is why we need to focus on manufacturing. 
I think the governor is jamming homes and homeless people. 
Why don't you put money on? 
I believe that Palestinians should have a state, but I know that they need leadership committed to democracy and freedom, leadership that would be ready to reject terrorism. 
After all, the law on social welfare reform, which Al Gore promised to carry out efforts to get people out of the well-being to set deadlines, to ensure that people enjoy the dignity of work. 
I am not satisfied even if there was no communism in the world, but especially when we are in the kind of race in which we are, we must see that America grows as fast as we can, provided we grow healthy. 
I'm not announcing it. 
Hon.WOODRUFF: Senator - oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. 
And maybe it's barely e.t. I'd say, we're not doing the work we should do. 
I want to offer a tax reduction for 95 per cent of Americans, 95 per cent. 
We believe that there must be an ongoing obligation towards the people, some nineteen or twenty million people in Taiwan. 
Why is your judgment different from that of Mrs. Clinton? 
And all his friends, the taxes we were talking about, and I'd get it by osmosis. 
And that's very clear. 
You both said that you want to reduce the deficit, but the non-partisan committee for a responsible federal budget has taken into account your two proposals and they say that the cost of your proposals, even with the savings you are asking for, will each add more than $200 billion to the deficit. 
It should be extended. 
All those who pay taxes will benefit from tax relief. 
But I can say this: the number one responsibility of any president, above all, is to guarantee the security of our nation - an ability to be free from the threat of attack, or blackmail, and to fulfil our obligations towards our allies and friends, and to pursue a legitimate foreign policy. 
Here are the judgments I would make: my first priority would be to protect this country. 
Bad things. 
And you're looking at one who's in these campaigns around the two candidates. 
Whether they are people of social well-being, you are trying to move from social assistance to work; the working poor, whom I think I deserve tax relief to raise them above poverty if they have a child in the home and work 40 hours a week; the working families, who deserve a fair tax system and the possibility of constant retraining. 
We work through international organizations. 
Because they have the opportunity to return to the community of nations, and we welcome it. 
And the reason we got it is because they now consider us unwilling to make the same kind of unilateral cuts that have been requested and go for the discredited freeze. 
Mr President. 
I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit. 
We need to win. 
It's not that. 
A growing and expanding employment base to generate funds and tax revenues to pay for disorder and rebuild America. 
Yes, I haven't completely addressed Mr. 
It has shown itself again and again in a very tangible way. 
Anyone else can direct the middle class down and direct the economy into a ditch. 
A commitment to developing the economy while protecting the environment. 
You objected to the surge. 
No, it is not time to divorce a nation on Earth that has 100 nuclear weapons and is about to double that at some point, a nation that has serious threats from terrorist groups within its nation, as I mentioned earlier, the Taliban, the Haqqani network. 
We want people to enjoy their lives and know that they will have a bright and prosperous future, not be at war. 
A 90-second response, a 60-second refutation and a 30-second response. 
And I think we will have good results on 2 November for myself and I hope for the country. 
I'd like to answer you first, Admiral Stockdale. 
I wouldn't want to, but I wouldn't get away from it. 
QUAYLE: We won the cold war because we invested in national security. 
That's what we tried to do. 
I want to be the best president I can be for all Americans. 
We have freed other nations from dictators. 
As far as the answer to the question is concerned, no. 
Over the past four years, there have been twice as many bankruptcies as new jobs created. 
This is a leading role for the United States under this administration, and if we do, and I believe that opportunities and opportunities are improving, we will have solved many of the internal problems that currently exist in South Korea. 
CLINTON: A brief point. 
The last debate, my opponent said his wife was involved in these programs. 
It is time to have someone to intervene and say look, let young workers take some of their own money and according to some guidelines invest it in private markets. 
They were personal, not official e-mails. 
We must therefore be kept in our generosity. 
It's to the national honor. 
How could you be commander-in-chief of the armed forces and have a child to say -- when you have to make a difficult decision, as I did in Panama or Kuwait and then have a child to jump and say, "Well, I'm not going. 
When I made my decision to stop any trade with Iran following the taking of our hostages, I then announced, and I have always maintained it since, that if the hostages were released safely, we would also deliver the items that Iran owns - which it bought and paid - and that the frozen Iranian assets would be released. 
The idea that the stock market is booming is its only measure of what is happening. 
But when the debate is over, we meet as Americans. 
That's right. 
He's very passionate. 
By the way, I just discovered the other day an interesting fact, that there is a national oil reserve right next to -- in Prudhoe Bay that your administration has opened up to exploration in this pristine area. 
Is he going -- what's your role in what's going to be? 
But as far as China is concerned, China is both an adversary, but also a potential partner of the international community if it follows the rules. 
It is not enough for us to be the strongest nation militarily, the strongest nation economically, but also to have firm diplomacy. 
The only way to stop him is by law. 
I'll do it. 
I am pleased to let voters make their own decision on this matter. 
It comes from a general fund, but something should be done about it. 
And I think you have indicated the way in your comments, because when you say that there are several things that farmers do, you specifically include conservation and environmental protection. 
We need to rebuild America's strength at home. 
One of them is the Social Security Administration or the Trust Fund, which is expected to be insolvent by 2036. 
Keep in mind that I and the Americans have taken the lead in organizing an international coalition that has ensured that we can, without putting troops on the ground for less than what we spent in Iraq in two weeks, free a country that has been under the yoke of dictatorship for 40 years. 
DOLE: I had precisely in mind a lot of people who were in the White House and other agencies that never had any experience, who came to Washington without any experience, they were all very liberal, of course, or they wouldn't be in the administration. 
Every debate I talk about, and no one ever addresses it. 
I'm very proud of that. 
He was president for 3 years before proposing a health care plan that has not yet been sent to Congress in total; 3 years before an economic plan; and he still hasn't said tonight that this tax bill that he vetoed only increased taxes on the rich and gave a break to the rest of you, but he vetoed it anyway. 
And they shoot people. 
Merci beaucoup. 
And to have the best intelligence in the world to know who the terrorists are and where they are and what they are plotting, you must have the best cooperation you've ever had in the world. 
Under what circumstances would you use military forces to deal, for example, with a closure of the Persian Gulf of oil [sic] if that were to happen, or to counter Russian expansion beyond Afghanistan to Iran or Pakistan? 
And we ended up having more votes than he had, and then they decided to pull the plug. 
Two weeks later, they say, "Gee, we have to defeat him. Criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity areas with Tim Scott, a great senator from South Carolina. 
Mr. BUSH: I would, of course, and I assume that this administration would also do so. 
My first question to you two tonight, why are you right in the argument you make and your opponent wrong? 
25% of the world economy. 
You know, I love this planet and I want it to stay here, but I don't like it being the private property of fanatics who want to overwork this thing. 
And then five days before the troops were killed, they returned to the President, through the Secretary of Defense, and said, "Please, Mr. President, get these troops out of there because we cannot defend them." 
In fact, you said in fact that you wanted to run, you would be honored to run with him on the ticket, and that's an indication that I'm thinking of some of the support you had at least until you became the choice of vice president here. 
You see, I don't think the Americans are being taxed too little. 
The loophole -- the biggest loophole they benefit from is the loophole of interest and -- and the loophole of capital gains. 
Thanks to Hofstra. 
To go to a Catholic mass in a beautiful New York cathedral under the cause of AIDS aid and start throwing condoms around the mass, I'm sorry, I think that makes the cause go back. 
What are you gonna do? 
But let us not cut into the muscle, and let us not reduce our insurance policy, which is the participation of American forces in NATO, the largest peacekeeping organization ever made. 
OBAMA: Look, I mean, Senator McCain continues to use this example, which suddenly, the president would only meet someone without getting ready, without having low-level discussions. 
Let me now talk about what we did at the White House with respect to federal employees The first order I issued after my assumption of the presidency was to reduce or eliminate the potential increase of forty thousand federal employees planned by my predecessor. 
Do you know that he voted for every increase in expenses that I saw falling on the floor of the United States Senate while we were trying to eliminate those pork barrels? 
But we also need to develop clean energy technologies that will enable us to halve our exports by 2020. 
I do not mean that one part is a part of war and the other part is a part of peace. 
My hero's name is Teddy Roosevelt. 
First thing I'm going to do," despite the fact that it's the same health care plan he's been through in Massachusetts and it's working well. 
According to his own figures. 
Relax, Al. 
NIXON: I would say: Of course, we expect to take some seats in the House and in the Senate. 
With regard to the individual's freedom of choice with regard to abortion, there is a person who is not considered at all. 
That is what we must do to reach the world. 
And there -- ways that we offer are not supported by -- by the Bush administration and I don't believe either by John McCain and Governor Palin. 
You said in your statement to see a doctor when you want to see a doctor. 
(LAUGHTER) 
So these two extremes grasp for the benefit and the person who has to pay this expense is the middle-income family that still works for a life and they have to pay for the rich who have the privilege, and for the poor who do not work. 
And I am really sorry for t. t. I think it is also important to stress where there are misleading accusations on the part of critics and others. 
He's out of the general public. 
I think I'm a much wiser and more experienced man than I was when I debated four years ago against President Ford. 
And they have the opportunity to move students out of poor-performing schools to good schools. 
If it is well known that I am opposed to the air pollution laws in California, the only thing I can think of is that the president must suggest the law that the federal government has tried to impose on the state of California - not a law, but regulations - that would have made it impossible to drive a car within the limits of a Californian city, or to have a place to put it if you have driven it against their regulations. 
The situation in Syria is catastrophic. 
BUSH: 90 per cent reduction in leadership since I chaired this regulatory working group; 90 per cent reduction in leadership. 
I do not believe that the Romanians consider themselves to be dominated by the Soviet Union. 
We should love each other, because the united teams win and the divided teams lose. 
Mr Morgan with a question for Vice-President Nixon. 
We sell Japanese rice from California for the first time. 
Mr Greenberg, I simply cannot let go of the statements just made by Mr Reagan, who, once again, has demonstrated, I think, a complete misunderstanding of the energy crisis that is happening, not only in this country, but in the world, when he suggests that we have 27 years of natural gas supply, 47 years of oil supply, and everything else, and that we really have. All we have to do is get the government out of the oil industry, and that will be enough. 
And we are making some progress, doing a little better on the ban. 
You're gonna pay for this. 
You make great patriotic speeches and I appreciate them, but I do not understand your vote on veterans' issues. 
We do not have an adequate requirement for house insulation, for the efficiency of automobiles. 
And we have to get the guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them. 
TRUMP: ... the money -- the money went to Fisher House, where they build houses -- the money you're talking about went to Fisher House, where they build houses for veterans and veterinarians with disabilities. 
But why didn't he publish his tax returns? 
This year, the Republican Congress, in terms of student loans, has increased from $24 billion to $36 billion over the next six years. 
And there were many people, like me, who opposed quotas, who felt there were places where there was too much weight. 
Assuming that the Americans are prepared to bear this cost, they continue to ask the following question: How can the huge increases in military spending be reconciled with your promise of substantial tax reductions and to balance the budget, which in this fiscal year, the one that has just ended, cost more than $60 billion in red? 
And this is a case in which we must use our influence to bring African countries together and help deal with the situation. 
We have doubled it, on research and on all other aspects. 
You have to say that if you receive money, you have to show us if children learn to read, write and add and subtract. 
QUESTION: Senator, as retired Chief of the Navy, I often think of those who serve our country. 
It was about the middle class. 
You're talking about diplomatic efforts. 
We talk about it all the time. 
Because you're the one taking the Wall Street money, not me. 
I believe that the American people will be called on to be at the forefront by giving direction to the solution of these problems that need to be solved in the Middle East, in Southern Africa, and all the problems that may arise in the Pacific. 
I've made unpopular decisions about Israel. 
You know, she gave it to us. 
Because we delivered it... RYAN: But we abducted 22,000 people... BIDEN: ...we delivered it to the Afghan troops we trained. 
When Governor Romney said we should let Detroit go bankrupt. 
And our team of -- our country's team there did a great job. 
John, I'm sorry, but that's not true. 
I hope I can answer as many questions as possible. 
I think the American people know that it is a president who put America's health first and that the American people, I believe with my heart, can be proud of the sacrifices they have made. 
The administration, the FDA worked 12 years on this serious problem. 
Nor did I deceive the day the president decided to go to war when I said that he had made a mistake by not building strong alliances and that I would have preferred him to do more diplomacy. 
People are willing to take risks. 
And as far as nuclear energy is concerned, look at the file again. 
I was a pastor in my congregation for about ten years. 
CLINTON: Well, I'd like to tell everyone watching tonight that I'm in contact with all the Americans -- Democrats, Republicans and Independents -- because we need everyone to help make our country what it should be, to develop the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. 
George Bush believes in them. 
And it is a just and shared sacrifice to do what is right for our country and for our children. 
I'm looking for drugs. 
Is that the insurance companies? 
Is that what they're offering? 
The world is more dangerous. 
Governor Bush, the first question is yours. 
Please, and then I have a follow-up. 
Governor? 
Mr. SCHIEFFER: Let me ask you, Governor, because we know President Obama's position on this, what is your position on the use of drones? 
We had an agreement with them on the hot line. 
You heard what I said about my tax plan. 
Tonight, we talked about Afghanistan. 
Because he's pushing. 
I worked on this with my good friend Al Simpson for about four years. We set aside part of Wyoming, almost a million acres of wild nature that should be separated and not developed. 
I think you apologized for that. 
But above all, choose a president who will fight to avoid the day when this divine decision must always be made. 
It's time for the man to leave. 
BIDEN: God forbid that this would never happen, it would be a national tragedy of historical proportions if it were not n. t. If it were, I would implement Barack Obama's policy of re-establishing the middle class, ensuring that they get a fair break, ensuring that they have access to affordable health insurance, ensuring that they get serious tax relief, ensuring that we can help their children go to university, ensuring that there is an energy policy that leads us not only to independence and the clean environment, but an energy policy that creates 5 million new jobs, a foreign policy that ends this war in Iraq, a foreign policy that goes after the mission that the American public gave the President after September 11, to get and capture or kill bin Laden and eliminate Al Qaeda. 
And I'm telling you because they don't want to open it. 
We are going to make important changes, so once again, we are the most respected nation in the world. 
And how do we fight? 
I want to read what you said four years ago in this context: "Freedom means freedom for everyone." 
Now, the question of the release of all the notes - I am - and I stand before you tonight - as the most investigated person ever to seek a public office. 
And if we did that, we would have more consumer capacity in America, which is what we need right now to get our economy on track. 
Texas. 
Vice President Gore, the governor mentioned the Middle East. 
And if you want me to go, I'll go. 
John Kerry and I believe that we have a moral responsibility not to leave billions of debts to our children and grandchildren. 
This is by far the most effective and effective way to balance this budget. 
WALLACE: We're going -- no, we're going to move on to the next topic, which is the economy. 
You can't do that as president. 
I want to give you a minute to answer. 
I was the chief of the basement of the American pilots who were shot down in prison in northern Vietnam. 
And local -- that's not enough to leave that to local school districts. 
Mr. SCHIEFFER (spoke in French): I would like to ask you the following question: as you know, there are reports that Iran and the United States are part of an international group, have agreed in principle to talk about Iran's nuclear programme. 
I think you need to tackle medical fraud. 
Well, I think it's terrible. 
I believe that inflation is today caused by the fact that the government spends more than the government accepts, at the same time as the government has imposed on businesses and industry, from the local merchant to the largest industrial plant in America, countless harassing regulations and punitive taxes that have reduced productivity at the same time as they have increased the cost of production. 
Let me -- wait, wait, sir, let me... TRUMP: We are a country of laws. 
And there's a lot of other things I can't click in this short period of time. 
QUAYLE: I hope that when you talked to these people that you said: and the first thing Bill Clinton and I are going to do is raise $150 billion in new taxes. 
Could any of you appoint someone to the Supreme Court who disagrees with you on this issue? 
KENNEDY: I think the President of the United States said last winter that before going to the summit in May, he did last fall, that there should be an agenda, that there should be a prior agreement. 
This strategy requires additional troops, it requires a fundamental change in strategy and I fought for it. 
That's why I think it's important. 
In addition, Donald Trump has a foundation. 
We're going to bring the country together. 
So you have to wonder why he won't publish his tax returns? 
And she speaks much better English than I do. 
They rewarded him by opening negotiations with Iran to transfer nuclear technology. 
But they're not creative enough to compensate 30 percent of the income on something like Medicaid. 
And we've won about all the cases we've filed, which has been decided. 
One of the things the next president must do is remind people that if we are going to have a responsible period in America, that each of us must love our children with all our heart and soul. 
And Donald Trump has business... PENCE: No, we don't. KAINE: ... has business relations — has business relations with Russia that he refuses to disclose. 
And I had five little children, and my family and I decided to stay in class, and we lived with this problem for three years. 
You know, we're exchanging more energy with our neighbours that we're trading with the rest of the combined world. 
People pay him. 
QUARLES: MP Ferraro, most polls show that Americans think Republicans, more than Democrats, are better able to keep the United States out of the war. 
And I'm glad to talk to you, too, Joe, if you're outside. Here's your fine -- zero. 
I know what it's like to have a dream, to have a job and to work hard to employ others and really participate in the American dream. 
And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a large terrorist division. 
We have a big difference there. 
An earlier coup de change has determined that you begin, Senator Lieberman. 
They'd both be game changers. 
In fact, I read in the "New York Times" where he said he co-sponsored the McCain-Feingold fundraising bill. 
17 new taxes, spending $1.5 trillion, 50 new bureaucracies. 
The Persian Gulf, of course. 
It's time to change. 
High-income people are doing very well in this economy. 
Energy independence is the key to America's future. 
Middle class. 
TRUMP: His son did not have a job for a long time, unfortunately was no longer in military service, I did not enter it. 
Afghanistan's counter-insurgency strategy, kidnapping, detention, reconstruction, civil society and infrastructure can work in Afghanistan. 
This man's talking about a vaccine. 
For example, Air Force General Mike Ryan, with 40 per cent fewer aircraft, is now performing three times as many regular deployments as previously required. 
And in your opinion, Susan, the problems that lie ahead of us could not be more serious. 
They are people who are bad people who shouldn't be — when you have 3,000 shootings in Chicago from January 1st, when you have 4,000 people killed in Chicago by weapons, since the beginning of Barack Obama's presidency, his hometown, you must have stop-and-frisk. 
He voted against the first Gulf War. 
And, you know, we're done with this. 
OBAMA: And I therefore believe that we must consider this to be part of our interests, of our national interests, in order to intervene as far as possible. 
When I took office, Haiti was governed by a dictator who had defied the United States. 
We are discussing internal issues this evening, but I would not like it to imply that this does not directly imply our struggle with Mr Khrushchev for survival. 
John Kerry and I will always stand with the world's Valerie Lakeys, not with the insurance companies. 
Russian intentions towards Georgia were very clear. 
Millions of people have fallen into poverty. 
But -- and I, listen, mind -- it was a little exaggerated. 
Vice-President Nixon, in what important respects do you think there are differences between you, and why do you think your policy is better for the peace and security of the United States in the Western Hemisphere? 
So, it was the only place that was used. 
At the moment, credit markets are frozen and what this means, in practice, is that small businesses and some large companies cannot obtain loans. 
So any -- any language on the contrary is simply not accurate. 
Terrorists have won every time. 
The American people have the right to understand it and to know it. 
That is why I am opposed to the secret action in Nicaragua. 
Think about it: they go from tyranny to elections. 
What do we do then? 
Do you think our security is as safe as we were four years ago? 
My opponent voted against. 
It's a big time. 
A person who wishes to use a firearm for illegal purposes may obtain it, whether it is registered or prohibited. 
Your time's up. 
She understood that autism was on the rise, that there was a need to know what was responsible for it, and that those families should be approached, helped and given the help they needed to raise those children who had very special needs. 
It's public land. 
And when Governor Romney stands here, after a year of campaigning, when during a Republican primary he stood on stage and said "I'm going to give tax reductions" -- he didn't say tax rate reductions, he said "tax reductions to everyone," including the first 1 percent, you should believe it because that was his story. 
And it's a plan that reduces costs for everyone, covers all children. 
I don't have one question. 
They said you were too washed. 
And then, of course, the last thing - the last thing is that I signed and approved more picturesque rivers, more wild areas, since I was president than any other president in the history of the United States. 
By the way, I don't like the federal government starting to push its weight deeper into our schools. 
But I would never let this friendship with the People's Republic of China stand in the way of preserving the independence and freedom of the Taiwanese people. 
I'm not quoting myself. 
I saw it in Texas. 
You look at the record of the last four years and you say that Iran is closer to a bomb? Yes. 
Because if it kept up with the pace of health care costs, there would be no savings. 
And it was unpopular, but it was the right thing to do. 
The notion of additional troops is often mentioned, but the point of success in Iraq will be reached when we hand over governance to the Iraqi people; they have been able to establish a democratic government. 
I do not want to see the day when it is sixty percent of ours, seventy-five-five and ninety percent of ours, with all the strength and all the power it could bring to cause our destruction. 
Can we give Admiral Stockdale a chance to come in, please? 
We must be the strongest economic power in the world. 
Your time is up, sir. 
So it's easy to talk about it in a campaign, but it's important that we understand that we need a sustained effort from the next president. 
He provided a good middle-class life for us, but the people he worked for, he expected the market to be kept on both s.d. when we talk about your business, you went bankrupt six times. 
We should also be concerned about their education at home. 
Less than 1% of people come back. 
And this one goes to Senator McCain. 
They're so well taken care of. 
I would like to ask you some questions about your plans for the future because Mr. 
This shows a lack of understanding. 
It was a disaster. 
She thought our nation was stronger together. 
You have to make some hard calls. 
And as president, I'll take this work, this bipartite work, this common ground, because you have to be able to get along with people to do things in Washington. 
We must assure them that we will never allow a second Holocaust, despite once again the warnings of Iran and any other country seeking to destroy Israel, that that is what they would like to see. 
And so I'm going to ask for support for this to be implemented. 
I think this should be a top priority. 
And if that's the case, I appreciate congratulating you. 
Thank you, Mr. Reagan. 
We are not doing this now in the context of Bush-Quayle policies. 
If he wants to take this one at a time, I'll take them one at a time. 
They're ready to work with us. 
Our President wants to reduce, and not just stop, he wants to reduce nuclear weapons considerably. 
Fox the other day in New Hampshire, who suffers from Parkinson, and he wants us to make stem cells, embryonic stem cells. 
You will not have the opportunity; there will be more deficits, more drugs, more crime and less confidence in the American people. 
And I do not think they would have supported the bill if they had known that they would lose a hundred and forty thousand jobs. 
Today, according to Prime Minister Rabin, the Soviet Union is weaker in the Middle East than it has been in many years. 
I would not choose a judge who said that the pledge of allegiance could not be said in a school because he had the words "under God" in it. 
I'm saying this is ridiculous. 
He is a president who respects and cherishes the entire American people. 
But now let's talk about the benefits that came out this week. 
The laws protect the U.S. taxpayer in this regard. 
I think the President of the United States should say that. 
The next question is for you, Vice President Gore, and Thomas Fischer is going to ask it. 
(APPLAUUSE) LEHRER: Okay, let's continue on the subject of leadership and the first question goes to Gov Clinton for a 2-minute answer. 
On this point, as on so many other issues, I have a fundamental difference with the current administration. 
And they weren't part of the negotiations, and I understand that. 
I didn't say that. 
I think we have an obligation to spend that kind of money. 
And Senator Kennedy is also a friend of yours. 
The coal which the President has spoken of - yes, we have - yet one eighth of our total coal resources is not being used at all now. 
What he's not telling you is that he's going to tax your employer-based health care benefits for the first time. 
And in a speech last weekend, you said you didn't have a quarrel with the President. 
We need to bring these dollars back to the United States and go to the workers so they can create their own ways to get the training they need for jobs that will really help them. 
And I say that those of us who oppose the surrender of territory - this or any other - to blackmail, to the strength of the communists stand for the path that will lead to peace. 
It's for Governor Romney, and we'll be with you, Mr. President. 
But let's move on to other questions here. 
Another point I would like to make: what could you do? 
This will harm our country, and say no to energy independence. 
It's nuclear war. 
CLINTON: My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you're ready to work hard, you're doing your part, you're contributing to the community. 
It is time to unite: to have a president and a congress that can work together with mutual respect for change, to cooperate for change, to open up for change, so that the people can understand their own government. 
I am Dorothy Ridings, President of the Women's Voting League, a sponsor of tonight's vice-presidential debate between Republican George Bush and Democrat Geraldine Ferraro. 
They don't believe in church. 
You're already the oldest president in history. 
We had not put al-Qaeda to rest, and therefore I thought it would be a distraction. 
I'm saying that because I think this year we're going to send $90 billion from this country to pay for imported oil, even if that's the case. These imports have been reduced. 
The governors -- and I think Governor Clinton was in there -- but maybe -- I don't want to invoke him here. 
My question is, isn't it--how do you articulate your campaign rhetoric with this record? 
And so, to resolve this peacefully -- what's everybody's goal -- the ayatollahs need to change their minds. 
None of them is responsible for health care. 
Joe received three and a half million dollars from Russia. 
That's why I argued that, in fact, we shouldn't send someone to jail for a drug offence. 
And so everything we do, we do it in consultation with our partners in the region, including Israel, which obviously has a great interest in seeing what is happening in Syria, in coordination with Turkey and other countries in the region that have a great interest in this regard. 
Mr President, America has not dictated to other nations. 
They tried a terrorist attack in the United States last year when they tried to blow up the Saudi ambassador in a restaurant in Washington, D.C. and talk about credibility? 
Her colleague... RYAN: Crony's capitalism and corporate well-being. 
Iraq was the greatest military threat to Israel. 
BOYD: Vice-President Bush, four years ago, President Reagan insisted that a military reinforcement would lead the Soviets to negotiate seriously. 
I want to keep the taxes low. 
It's — she said they were irremediable, they weren't American.I mean, it's extraordinary. 
Washington is a caldron of political quarrels and partisanship. 
Barack. 
I haven't re-registered yet. 
And I have no reason to believe that he'll never publish his tax returns, because he's hiding something. 
Secondly, I did not criticise him for not calling for free elections. 
If you vote on the other side, you'll be lucky to save him. 
And we protect some options in terms of modernizing our strategic forces. 
But I think we need to look at all government agencies and find out who's doing their job and keep them and find out who's not and eliminate them, and we need to clean up all government agencies. 
If you're from Washington, you want to pick the winners. 
And in the Senate, I have good working relationships through e.g. I think it's good to be a Democrat or Republican or independent, but after election day, the goal is to work together. 
These are reasonable ways to help promote a culture of life in America. 
And I say that because I know a lot of people who think we should brush our hands and leave. 
Let's go in the middle of a circle. 
This means that it is likely, because there will be a huge increase in the postal vote, that we will not know on the evening of the election which is the winner, that it could be days. 
People care a lot about their land and their environment. 
It's a wonderful thing. 
When we send them without the right type of training, when we send them ill-equipped or with equipment that is old and broken, we put their lives in danger. 
And I would like to say quickly that I respect the second amendment. 
This is a very good step forward for the security of our country, and we will continue to do what we have done in the past. 
It's very hard. 
Nothing has been done." 
Nine million people have lost their jobs. 
What I advocated was, why not start with the federal government by referring tax sources to state and local governments, and the responsibilities of these programs? 
This is the discussion we had the previous day on the general issue of budget reduction. 
I suggest, in the sense of taking responsibility for your actions, that we put these documents on the table. 
The best way to keep jobs here in America is, one, to have an energy plan. 
Are his accusations correct? 
He's president, not me, I'll give my best advice. 
I don't prefer abortion. 
The debate is whether Dan Quayle and Lloyd Bentsen are qualified to be President of the United States. 
With your help, we will change this country and look forward to starting. 
I guarantee you that. 
That's not what a real recovery looks like. 
Between sanctions between everything I've done with NATO. 
And I mean investing in education, health care, the environment, middle class tax cuts and pension security. 
Reagan, you got your line, and I cut you off because our time is up. 
It's just a small example. 
It's a positive action in America. 
Twenty years ago, we had a similar situation in El Salvador. 
And also, while we're here, why is it just out of curiosity, the wife of the mayor of Moscow gave your son three and a half million dollars? 
That is why we must remain vigilant. 
We have a law on product liability reform on Capitol Hill. 
But if we go in the right direction and America leads, we're better. 
When they sell — automatic, 16 percent, approximately. 
That's not what your party says, by the way. 
And so, the plan he's talking about simply won't work. 
Yes, let's do a little -- yes, 30 seconds. 
We have significantly increased investment and our jobs are growing. 
We must therefore look at this issue in depth. 
Mr. SIMPSON: May I -- I spoke to this audience before you came, gentlemen, and I asked them how they felt about the content of the campaign. 
That is the fundamental question. 
How would you answer him? 
I left on June 11 because I wanted the American people to know that I was ready to give up something. 
That is why we do not have full employment today. 
It's something we trust the Americans. 
Number two, as far as Iraq is concerned, you and I agreed that I think there should be a status-of-forces agreement. 
Let's talk... (CROSSTALK) LEHRER: No, let's not. 
I would like to ask you what led you to take a different position on this. 
The president exempts the IRS, which creates three-quarters of the paperwork. 
I heard them explain - try to explain - how they tell their children how they can go to a store and buy a bread, but then they can't go to that store and sit at the counter and get a Coca Cola. 
First of all, I don't know his things. 
In at least 18 cases, your assets have been lost. 
Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter_you just have to take a look at CNN last week, interviewing your former campaign manager. 
I'm going to bring a new credibility, a new start, and we're going to do the job right. 
Let me give you the example of Mexico. 
You were very involved -- excuse me. 
What we're saying... BIDEN: Other people have registered. 
We sell everything from -- from phones to rice CDs in Japan. 
But I will not support American soldiers entering Iraq as an occupying force. 
She didn't get the birth certificate. 
As you haven't been very soon on your university file. 
We're going to prosper again. 
In fact, I think when Gallup conducted his first survey in December 1975, they didn't put my name on the list. 
President Carter also spoke about the new jobs created. 
That was quite an admission. 
I think we've talked enough about it. 
They're all different. 
That's right. 
Now, you may say or it depends, which means not only that you were wrong, but you were also confused by sending mixed messages to our troops and allies. 
We're moving out. 
We won the election. 
Your Secretary of State, as you know, said that she took full responsibility for the attack on the diplomatic mission in Benghazi. 
And I'm not gonna do it. 
We must have active and aggressive action on the part of the President, the leader of his country, to seek all possible means of obtaining this information which has kept the MIA families in despair and doubt, and Mr Ford has not done so. 
And if you have some -- and I have a certain age, experience, and intelligence -- it's all about wisdom. 
The subject is domestic politics. 
What about clean coal? 
Mr. Kemp, some people say these days that something has gone terribly wrong with the American soul, that we have become too bad, too selfish, too careless and the incident of spitting, how it has been managed, the baseball players used as a recent example. 
This is not the case of anyone in terms of regulating behaviour in this regard. 
I am not talking about how we are going to face the challenges that exist in the Middle East and take advantage of the opportunity, and stem the wave of violence. 
That is all he says is a simple guarantee of equal opportunities that characterizes the democratic art, and that is a very important commitment of me, contrary to the radical departure of Governor Reagan from the long-standing politics of his own party. 
Of course, there's an investigation, so we can make sure it doesn't happen again, but when it comes to talking about our values, we shouldn't apologize for them. 
Mr. Trump, you want to get the government out with less taxes and less regulation. 
Is that the lawyers? 
In retrospect, were these relationships inappropriate or unethical? 
Mr. PALIN: Again, Gwen, I would like to thank you and the committee. 
I have a long history and the American people know me very well and it is independent and a maverick from the Senate and I am happy to say that I have a partner who is a good maverick with me now. 
So we fixed this. 
BRUNO: Senator Gore. 
The president and his experts told America that it was not a question of whether it was a question of when. 
But, no, we heard that... TRUMP: Most of his donors did the same thing as me. 
I do not think that the Soviet Union can sit down for a minute and decide what I will do if I can do something about the Soviet Union. 
This is one of the major disagreements we have with the President - that they have not pursued diplomatic opportunities either in El Salvador or among countries and have wasted time in which we could have achieved peace. This raises the whole question of what the presidential leadership is. 
They recruit them, leaving older and sicker seniors in Medicare. 
NIXON: Senator Kennedy's position and mine are completely different on this. 
The question is first to Senator Obama. 
It's Mr. Cater. 
They were not shared or bleached with anyone. 
BUSH: Let me -- I'm not sure what you mean, "take the global test," you take preventive measures if you take a global test. 
You're right, what matters is a plan. 
Because we have had difficult aggressive trade policies, and because we have lower interest rates. 
I will publish my tax returns — against the will of my lawyer — when it publishes its 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. 
But in general, I think a president should be prepared to do what he thinks is right. 
Well, let me say this: we would not have won the Cold War had we listened to Senator Gore and his crowd, and had we supported a nuclear freeze. 
They see this huge influx and overflow of cheap foreign imports into this country, which has cost more than 3 million jobs, given farmers the worst year in American history. 
All U.S. taxes are low. 
Your choice is nothing. 
You continued to tell the story and question the legitimacy of the president in 2012, 13, 14, 15... TRUMP: Yes. 
When Barbara holds an AIDS baby, she shows some compassion for the family; when she reads to the children, the same thing. 
If you put time limits and don't reform the government, you won't have the benefits you thought. 
My economic plan, my commercial position, Bosnia, Haiti, taking the NRA for the first time, taking the tobacco companies for the first time. 
And what I want to do is make sure that the plumber, the nurse, the fireman, the teacher, the young entrepreneur who doesn't have any money yet, I want to give them tax relief now. 
I said that we would be more difficult with child support and the execution of child support is up by 50%. 
Now they want to waffle around -- QUAYLE: Do you bear a 24-hour waiting period? 
The one who started this road first, of negative campaign, the American people, of all the reports that come to us, is completely sick of it. 
People need it, that's it. 
(CROSSTALK) RYAN: We've been looking for bipartiality for a long time. 
If they had had time to do their job, they would have discovered what we now know, that Saddam Hussein actually had no weapons, that Saddam Hussein in fact had no connection with 11 September, that Saddam Hussein in fact had little or no connection with Al-Qaida. 
We have to do this in Washington. 
But we should also be sure that we do not leave and worsen the situation, which exacerbates our reputation and ability to cope with crises in other parts of the world. 
There have been more than two dozen cases of green-on-blue where Americans have been killed. 
My opponent is talking about tax health. 
Over the next four years, we will continue to rally the armies of compassion to help heal the evil that exists in some parts of our country. 
Mr. NIXON: Well, sir. 
Who would write the prayer? 
The governor just reversed the thing. 
What we have said is to the states, we will give you more money if you initiate reforms. 
I mean, what kind of judgment-I mean, jump on the President on his decision on an area of agricultural policy. 
One thing everyone agrees with is that September 11 has changed things. 
They are elderly people who actually live outside social security. 
And it's a shame. 
Do you know what the unemployment rate in Scranton is today? 
Take the example of Mexico City. 
If you look at our proposal, we take half the expected surplus and put it aside for social security. Over $2.4 trillion. 
But I noticed that the Indiana senator opposed this campaign reform and voted on several occasions against it. 
I think this is still a tragic situation. 
I just don't want to see the notes on the movies. 
[Applause] HOLT: Mr Trump, for five years you have perpetuated a false claim that the first black president of the nation was not a natural citizen. 
Each of them lost a fortune by coming down and helping us with the government. 
George Bush and Michael Dukakis said their selections of a race companion would reveal a lot of themselves. 
Vice President, would you like to comment? 
She's a fighter. 
Number two, what's important sometimes is that you have to say no, to -- to -- to people both at your own party and in the other part. 
Each candidate will have three minutes for a final statement at the end. 
Now we have an arms race. 
You must judge us, who can assume the immense and impressive responsibilities of the presidency, which can implement the plans that will make your life better. 
I said in my acceptance speech in San Diego about two months ago that the exits were clearly marked. 
sent and flooded the system. 
She doesn't do anything but talk. 
Jim, let me tell you exactly what I'm gonna do. 
But I think we -- I think we need to start with better education. 
And its forecasts for the next four years are more deficits, almost as large. 
This is a very important bill. 
I see the president has risen, so he must have something to say about it. 
We are facing environmental problems. 
So, in a way, we have some data on what approach is more likely to create jobs and opportunities for Americans and I believe that the economy works better when middle-class families get tax relief so they have money in their pockets, and those of us who have done extraordinarily well because of this beautiful country in which we live, that we can afford to do a little more to make sure that we don't explore the deficit. 
Now, last week, I guess it was Donna Shalala said we're going to cut Medicare a hundred billion and appoint a commission. 
You know that. 
I have much better judgment than her. 
CLINTON: ...that the Russians have committed themselves to cyber attacks against the United States of America, that you have encouraged espionage against our people, that you are ready to launch the Putin line, to subscribe to his wish list, to break NATO, to do whatever he wants, and that you continue to get help from him, because he has a very clear favorite in this race. 
WELKER: President Trump, there is — 
I'm from Janesville, Wisconsin. 
I clearly believe George W. Bush would be a better commander-in-chief. 
Other Republicans have been much more critical in private. 
And if you were here, it wouldn't be 200, that would be two million people because you were very late on the draw. 
It was done on purpose. 
In addition, jobs would not be available at this time. 
Look at our firm. 
We must stop spending, which has mortgaged your children's future. 
What's the net result of this? This means that average family income increased by 15% in the Eisenhower years compared to 2% in the Truman years. 
I was governor and I showed that I could do them. 
These cops aren't happy to see what happened to Breonna Taylor. 
But I couldn't do that. 
The Paris Agreement, I brought us out because we were going to have to spend billions of dollars and we were treated very unfairly. 
The participants are Republican Vice-President Dan Quayle. 
MCCAIN: Because there are not enough good ones; therefore, we should not do it, even if it works. 
And the expedition of Spruance class destroyers to Iran is much more sophisticated than the Spruance class destroyers that are present being delivered to our own Marine. 
With regard to free trade agreements. 
In addition, this kind of thing would lower the interest rate. 
Governor Carter, your answer please. 
If there's more time for jamming, talking and pointing fingers, I'm the wrong man. 
As I remember, it was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after seeing the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called "Lincoln". 
We need gas pipelines to drop the gas. 
And that's Senator Kerry's. 
HEARING_QUESTION: You personally. 
I believe that the federal government has usurped powers of autonomy and authority that come back at the state and local levels. 
LEHRER: No, but... ROMNEY: What is -- what's my experience as a governor is to come in and -- and introduce a bill and say, "It's my way or the highway," I haven't done much. 
He puts money in Donald Trump's pockets and in his children's pockets, while the Clinton Foundation is a non-profit organization and no member of the Clinton family gets any pay. 
He panicked or he looked at the scholarship. 
They were told, "Don't even worry about it; we won't listen to it." 
And so I don't support censorship. 
And we will continue to spread freedom. 
And what we have also done is engage these governments in the kind of reforms that will really make a difference in the lives of people on a day-to-day basis, to ensure that their governments are not corrupt, to ensure that they treat women with the kind of respect and dignity that each successful nation has shown and to ensure that they have a functioning free market system. 
[Applause] WALTERS: May I ask you, please -- [Applause] -- may I ask the public to refrain from applause. 
I never advocated a communist government for Italy. 
Of course, we know what a vice president is doing. 
We have tests every two years that look at how well our children are. 
And I don't know how you're going to go to urban America and say that raising taxes is good for you. 
I only think if you do that -- and he did it more than I did with regard to the presidency -- can you begin to understand what that means to your families. 
Mr. WALLACE: Mr. President Trump, you have two minutes. 
They must continue to obtain these audits, and I believe that the system can be put on a sound actuarial basis. 
I never said that at all. 
But it is the duty of the president to lead, and often to lead alone. 
BUSH: Well, we're still the envy of the world in terms of our military. 
And I made an effort to solve the POW-MIA problem, which we did in a bipartite manner, and then I worked to normalize relations between our two countries so that our veterans could return home. 
Would you shut up? 
I am focusing on the fact that we could still have business areas, according to both sides, but we do not. 
MCCAIN: Of course. 
BIDEN: The Green New Deal will pay for itself as we move forward. 
I think it's time for all parents in America to have the right to choose where they send their children to school to get an education. 
He added more debt to the US debt in four years than George Washington's all-way to Ronald Reagan put together. 
My American colleagues, as you heard from Bob Schieffer a while ago, America is being tested by division. 
Now, I wonder if -- it was blocked by the opponents of the majority in Congress. 
He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. 
I'm here with a group of 13 people from across the country who helped me prepare. 
We should work with the African Union to do so -- precisely what we have done in Liberia. 
But for us to do what Senator Kennedy has suggested, we would bring results that I know he would not want, and certainly the American people would not want. 
It could take weeks. 
3 trillion surplus that we can use to ensure that young workers have a social security plan in the future. 
We're a long way behind, which means the Americans can't go home. 
He's not credible. 
But I also firmly believe that we must enforce the laws on books, that the best way to ensure that we keep our society safe is to hold people accountable for the violation of the law. 
I would like to give Senator Harris an opportunity to respond, but it is not that long, because of course there are other issues that we want to discuss. 
We're well above three and a half minutes. 
As neutral peacekeepers, you have made them fighters on the side of the Government of Lebanon. 
Don't increase it by a trillion, don't cut it by a trillion dollars. 
And it starts with a strong economy here at home. 
HOWE: I am Quincy Howe of CB- of ABC News saying good evening in New York where the two main candidates for the U.S. presidency are about to engage in their fourth radio and television discussion of this campaign. 
I don't think we have a person to waste and I think I owe the American people a White House staff, a cabinet and appointments that look like America but meet high standards of excellence, and that's what I'm going to do. 
We have time now, if you want to answer the President's question, or whatever the refutation. 
I brought high-level, senior levels of government, the White House, executive administrative offices, the judiciary, highly qualified black and Spanish citizens and women who had been excluded in the past. 
101 leaders are responsible for what you do. 
Because we ended the war in Iraq, we were able to refocus our attention not only on the terrorist threat, but also on the launching of a transition process in Afghanistan. 
But it is very difficult to get the source information you need to go after something as dark as international terror. 
I'm sure we can do it. 
And the reason is, because I think we're doing our best when the middle class is doing well. 
I know what it's like to go out on one of those missions when you don't know what's around the corner. 
Are there any questions of character that distinguish you from Vice-President Gore? 
He kept saying, "Look at her. I don't think so." 
It is important that we understand that the way we are perceived in the world will make a difference in our ability to achieve cooperation and eliminate terrorism. 
Electricity prices are on the rise. 
I think it's a confidentiality issue. 
One of the major by-products, for example, of what we did in Iraq and Afghanistan, is that five days after capturing Saddam Hussein, Kammar Gaddafi in Libya announced that he would hand over all his nuclear materials to the United States, which he did. 
What happened to you? 
We have, as I said, reduced taxes, but we have reduced inflation, and for two years now it has remained there, not two digits, but within the range of 4 or less. 
Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions about our jobs and what is happening. 
It didn't work out for America. 
I carry a small card in my pocket, called the tenth amendment. 
He was vice president there for eight years. 
How many of you are under managed care plans? 
What you see is what you get and if you don't like it, you have two other choices, don't you? 
Let me tell you that Mosul is so sad. 
And I'm going to spend what it takes to win the war, over $120 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Thank you to Belmont University for welcoming us tonight and most importantly, thank you to those who are watching us tonight. 
Also, John McCain's maverick position is really quick and indicated by the supporters he has. 
But in time, what they can do is regain credibility. 
BIDEN: Provided that it agrees to reduce its nuclear capability to obtain – the Korean peninsula should be a nuclear-weapon-free zone. 
In fact, he doesn't ask you to do anything -- if you don't want to take it, you don't have to do it. 
As Mr Nixon said, is our prestige at a top of all time, as he said a week ago, and that of the communists at a low level of all time? 
Hamas will win. 
The world is changing radically in our way of working and living, our relationship with each other, huge changes. 
RYAN: Mitt -- what we're saying is that the tax rates are less than 20%, start with the rich, work with Congress to do it... RADDATZ: And you guarantee that this math will add up? 
And the battlefield was searched, and there was not a single iota of evidence that American weapons were on that battlefield. 
And in the secret that has surrounded our foreign policy in recent years, uh - the American people, Congress has been excluded. 
But it's true. 
On the way to the war in Iraq. 
We need to get out of here... 
And 95 percent of the population of the United States of America who earn less than $150,000 will get tax relief. 
I thought we were talking about immigration. 
And I never intend to express my regret to Mr Khrushchev or anyone else if I do something that is in Congress' support and that is right in order to protect the security of the United States. 
Respire, Al. 
And the last president of the United States who tried it was Herbert Hoover, and we moved from a deep recession to a depression. 
It was just taking a look at the person she built to be that wonderful Scout girl who wasn't a Scout girl. 
But number two, because I recognized that if you want to have women in the workforce, sometimes you have to be more flexible. 
It's not the President's fault. 
It is time to give priority to the American people, to invest and to develop this economy. 
You lost the trade war with China? 
Congress spent a business area after the Los Angeles riots five years ago. 
The President and I have always agreed on this point. 
We are the United States of America. 
- Yes. 
But she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads about me, many of which are absolutely wrong. 
Maybe that's why he asked for $860 -- he asked for and proposed $860 billion in new spending and wants to increase people's taxes in a time of incredible challenges, hardship and grief for American families. 
He tried to hurt social security years ago. 
It improves him. 
And he defined it as someone who uses beans instead of meat. 
Do I get it? 
MODERATOR: Somalia. 
No matter how economically strong we are, if we remain dependent on an energy source that is beyond our control, we will not be as strong as we should be. 
In fact, it is a global effort. 
I remember the title of the Daily News that said, "Ford to New York: Drop Dead." 
And he can insult General Scowcroft if he wants to. 
And what I'm worried about is, you know, it looks like it's from Canada, and maybe it's from a third world. 
We do not need an early withdrawal from Iraq. 
But we note that Governor Clinton's plan is almost twice as small as one of us. 
There's another subject I'd like to hear Mr. Kemp talk about. 
And the promise of the revolution was democracy, human rights, free trade unions, the free press. 
And this is a Donald Trump model, where he referred to our men serving in our army, like suckers and losers. 
RADDATZ: And what -- what national security issues warrant an increase? 
And that's true. 
I believe that 25 million people, the vast majority, have long-term elections. 
Expenditure, that is. 
And then I think we should indicate our desire to live in peace with the world. 
They were not in the Treaty area when it was adopted in fifty-five years. 
The embryo had already been destroyed before my decision. 
All they have are generals, admirals and groups," quotes the end. 
It's starting to squeeze them. 
Why shouldn't we have more reflection on the issue before abortion -- the decision of abortion is made. 
We have a wash and we'll see Mr. Perot for a minute. 
So, where did you get the money? 
And you know how I found out? 
And, so, I think I'd leave her there and you'd judge the whole case. 
That's why we had so much trouble. 
Vice President, how can you claim that your home is located in Maine for tax purposes and, at the same time, that your home is located in Texas for election purposes? 
Now, when you look at what Germany pays for money and what we don't pay for money, you realize there's a gap, and you realize that it's a temporary thing and there's going to be another sucker noise running our deficit through the roof. 
He's the first culprit. 
Someone who would come to me if someone came with a crazy idea that we should trade weapons at Ayatollah for hostages and say, "Mr." 
It's just words. 
A follow-up question can be asked in no more than two minutes to answer it. 
And you can't use "hard talk" in a 90-minute debate in a presidential campaign to hide a 30-year record in the U.S. Senate and, before that, by John Kerry, who has consistently come down on the wrong side of all the major defence issues he faces as a public official. 
It has nothing to do with the transfer of government payments through many programs. 
That's what Washington, D.C. 
He got up... 
And after the reform, it will not be a career opportunity for life; good people will serve, then return home and do not become foreign lobbyists and cash at $30,000 a month, then take leave to run a president's campaign. 
If you're not at work, you don't have anything to eat or you can't have medical care, or you're holding a crack baby in your arms right now, what do you do next? 
I'd get rid of it. 
I remember crossing the California coast one day. 
All voted for freedom - a kind of free government. 
I'm going crazy sitting up there slowly dancing that one. 
It is a decision that only a woman can make, after consulting her conscience and religious principles. 
I think that's the wrong direction. 
Even after producing a vaccine, experts say that there could be months, even years, before returning to everything that approaches normal. 
When Harry Truman was president, he was not afraid to have a strong defense secretary. 
We need to move very strongly towards solar energy and have strict conservation measures. 
No, Mr. White, I think our civil rights file is a good one. 
This has been reinforced by the direct commitments of the President of the United States; it has been strengthened by a number of other nations under NATO. 
It was his incapacity that forced the country to close largely — why businesses fell below, why schools were closed, why so many people lost their lives and why they were involved. 
He gave us a good middle-class life, but the people he worked for, he expected the market to be held on both sides. 
Why is this still happening in America, and what would you do to put an end to it? 
I wonder about the decline in defence spending in the previous two administrations over the last eight years. 
- It's okay. 
I'll tell that person exactly what I'm going to tell you now. 
It's in a suitcase. 
What can you tell the people of Cleveland, or the people of cities like Cleveland, that your administration will do to improve their lives? 
They left the planning of the State Department in the offices of the State Department. 
How's that gonna affect my house? 
And I think we need to go after Baghdad, too, to make this one of our organizational principles. 
And I have a record -- and Somalia, I am opposed to turning the force in Somalia from a peacekeeping force to a peacemaking force, which it was not capable of. 
BIDEN: Well, Gwen, two years ago Barack Obama warned against the subprimal mortgage crisis. 
Technology is here and we need to drill now. 
You must understand that it is only the United States that can defend freedom and democracy anywhere in the world and that we cannot hand it over to the United Nations or other multilateral organizations. 
Good evening at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. 
Where does this increase come from? 
TRUMP: We would have lost a lot more people, a lot more people. 
But it's also a huge pressure on our budget. 
About time and Todd and our marriage in our past where we did not have health insurance and we know what other Americans are going through as they sit around the kitchen table and try to understand, how are they going to pay out of the pocket for health care? 
I just think it's time to change. 
Not with the measure that leaves the majority of them without real basic aid until the end of the next president's four-year term. But now. 
One, many people are still waiting for this 1992 middle-class tax reduction. 
So there are positive ways to work on this. 
It is important for NATO to make it work. 
Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. 
When I was in the United States Senate, I worked with former President Bush, your father. 
As I said earlier, we fell below the national average of inflation when we did. 
But are we doing enough in these areas? 
This is one of the reasons why 50 national security officials served in Republican information — in the administrations...HOLT: Your two minutes have expired. 
What are you gonna do? 
DUKAKIS: Well, that's a big concern for me and I'm thinking about all the Americans, and maybe the vice-president can tell us what's going on. 
It has moved away from the agreements - you can look at the Iranian nuclear agreement, which has now put us in a position where we are less sure, because they are building what could eventually be an important nuclear arsenal. 
But there were too many cases during my presidency, where I had to comfort families who lost someone. 
I would like to ask you a question about what you said and it is that you believe that a chair should have a chair of the federal reserve council whose opinions are consistent with his or her own. 
And the world needs a strong America, and it's stronger now than when I took office. 
I'm pro-life. 
Unemployment, cities are all very important issues, but they are of little importance in the life and duties of a president in relation to the control of nuclear weapons. 
Social security is not so hard. 
Mr. MONDALE (spoke in French): Mr. President, if I have heard you correctly, you have said that these deficits have nothing to do with interest rates. 
Because this ever-increasing madness of arms race makes the two nations less secure. 
Your view? 
Justice Thomas-Anita Hill's hearings have always been low in our country, and these senators should hang their heads in shame for what they did there. 
You have two minutes each. 
But there is also the question of responsibility. 
Mr. GIBSON: Mr. President Bush, the next question is for you, and it comes from Rob Fowler, who I believe is finished in this area. 
The words of the President of the United States are good enough for me." 
This package is transparent. 
They continue to modernize and we cannot simply have enough nuclear weapons, let us freeze. 
But September 11th changed everything. 
What we shouldn't do is tell the Egyptian people, while Mubarak cracks them, he's a good guy and, next week, he should leave. 
They outsourced the work to the Afghan warlords, who, just a week earlier, had been on the other side fighting against us, who did not trust each other. 
We did an excellent job. 
Why shouldn't you have what you want, as opposed to a lobbyist cutting a deal, write a little article in the law and he goes through it. 
Let's look at the facts. 
Now, I'm back to square one: if you want to stop talking about it and do it, then I'll be happy to go up there and we'll do it. 
The next president will receive one or two candidates for the Supreme Court. 
Those who say the inflation rate is in good condition should now talk to the housewives. 
Each school district, each State should take this decision on its own. 
He sends wishes for reflection. 
Once you have a policy, then you have to get out and be aggressive and apply that policy. 
But the key is to make sure you can get a job when you get out of school. 
If you look at his file in the Senate, he voted to break the limits -- the spending limits -- more than 200 times. 
Indeed, the Senate Committee on Armed Services voted 10 votes to none, with seven abstentions, against the SALT II treaty and stated that it was not in the interests of the national security of the United States. 
We need a president who can enter - who pulls his strength from the people. 
He has deployed more troops than any president in world history. 
I think what you can do is look at what they've done and recognize that they won't do much in the future. 
Are these charges correct -- investigating your staff, investigating the leaders of the popular movement, investigating your family's associates? 
The report that followed the explosion of the barracks revealed that we had not taken any of the measures we should have taken. 
It's from here. 
I was told we couldn't. 
President Bush, your closing statement. 
I don't think so. 
So I don't know exactly where the vice president comes from, but I think one way for us to end up being seen as the ugly American is for us to go around the world saying, â€œwe do it that way, so you should.â€ Now we trust freedom. 
And we should be prepared to provide these funds. 
And my success in the primary season was, I think, remarkable for a newcomer, someone from outside Washington, who - who was never part of the Washington settlement. 
And the salary to take away from the richest. 
Now, Senator Obama, without preconditions, wants to sit down and negotiate with them, without preconditions. 
Mr. Perot, in addition to the deficit, what policy or government policy do you really want to do? 
I never used the hardest word, like you did at the time. 
It negotiated with the oil companies and confronted them with a decrease, a $40 billion natural gas pipeline that will relieve the energy needs of the United States -- what they call the under-48s. 
I want to reduce the size of classrooms in this country. 
PENCE: But the problem with that... KAINE: It is totally contrary to Jeffersonian's values of...[crosstalk] PENCE: Elaine, the FBI director, our internal security, said that we cannot know with certainty who these people come from Syria. 
PAGE: Senator Harris, we have seen changes in the role of the United States, in terms of global leadership, over the past four years – and of course, times are changing. 
We moved some of the power away from Washington, D.C., and handed it over with the people. 
If they can't pay, they may end up having to close their doors and release people. 
This is the current American position. 
But I have a better idea. 
And if that happens, yes, I'll be ready, and I'll be ready to lead this country, if that happens. 
We have important states with that. 
But some of this also goes further and sees if we can enter these communities and make sure we catch violent impulses before they happen. 
These are all programs that Senator Dole opposed to what I supported, because I thought they were a legitimate effort to help people make the most of their lives. 
The president likes to say he has a plan. 
It is one that we are going to solve and that we must solve, with a clean and healthy environment and with a strong America that is militarily and economically strong as we should be, an America that provides strong international leadership because we are faithful to our s. e. have an opportunity to work together to build this future, to build a better America, to build a better America, because the best America is not hiding. 
Over the past two years, I have been president, and I have found it much more difficult to make these decisions than to support them. 
He has no records on health care reform. 
I believe the Republican Guard of Iran is a terrorist organization. 
CARTER: First of all, I would like to thank the Women's Voting League for making this debate possible. 
But I hope we can talk about what we're going to do in the future. 
Secondly, I do not suggest withdrawal to the point of the communist weapon. 
In this particular area, I think that the Vice-President and I generally agree on what we need to do. 
What difference does this mean for the American people in terms of economy? 
I said, "You have to handle it so well." And I just had a meeting with them. 
We can certainly find a coffee maker that costs something less than $7,000. 
Let me read this again: "could be catastrophic, haunting us for generations. » 
Let's talk about civil rights. 
This is the first time I remember our country's history when we let a foreign country bypass or amend our Bill of Rights. 
Now, under my plan, we will balance the budget every year. 
The new economic revitalization program we have in mind, which will be implemented next year, would result in tax credits that would allow businesses to invest in new tools and plants to create even more jobs - about a million over the next two years. 
Actually, he had a $10,000 club breakfast. 
I went to Waziristan. 
They will therefore pay higher taxes, which will result in fewer jobs and lower productivity. 
You know, this area of empowerment that I mentioned in Detroit not only creates jobs for Joann Crowder, who is proud that she no longer benefits from well-being now, and we are proud of her. 
I used to consult with companies -- excuse me, hospitals and health care providers. 
That's your opinion. 
It was a fight to avoid paying taxes so that it would not support the fight against terrorism. 
We'll move on to the second part. 
We can't have a race test. 
This commitment has opened a very bright view for our nation in the future, because with the tax on exceptional profits as the basis, we now have the opportunity to use American technology and American capacity and natural resources to rapidly develop synthetic fuel production, yes, to rapidly develop solar energy production, yes, and also to produce traditional American types of energy. 
This means that those of us who are elected to positions of political leadership must reflect these values ourselves. 
Not poor enough for Medicare, Medicaid; not rich enough to buy their medication. 
Governor Clinton, you're fainting. 
You alluded to problems. 
And what we did during the Bush administration, the Kurds were in the state department, negotiating, trying to settle their differences. 
Mr. President. 
Lester, we covered... TRUMP: No, wait a minute. 
And General Petraeus says we've had a great success, but it's very fragile. 
Another trillion dollars of income, with which to save Medicare and social security. 
And we offer a 50 percent tax credit so they can buy health insurance for their workers, because there are a lot of small businesses I meet all over America that want to do well by their workers but they just can't afford it. 
We then indicated that we were not going to intervene militarily. 
My favorite bumper sticker, however, is: Annoy the Media. 
And we're going to do it by investing in prevention. 
I believe that we must make fair and responsible choices. 
I would choose someone who would strictly interpret the United States Constitution. 
And I don't think we have all the facts before we make decisions. 
And when will that change? 
So I would simply say that, as these dates approach, you will have to reorganise and readjustment as we did with the Social Security Fund. 
Farmers are the number one market in the U.S. automotive industry. 
Where we disagree, we would use the means to make the most of our economy. 
The last point I will make, John McCain recently said that he would not even sit down with the Spanish government, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now. 
A few days ago, the State Department called for an investigation into the war crimes of the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad and its ally, Russia, for their bombing of o. o. this next question comes from social media via Facebook. 
I thought he made the right decision. 
What the fuck is going on in our country? 
I think the man who enters this political arena and has to face you every day deserves a word of praise. 
You two, gentlemen, you've gone pretty well. 
That's part of your mistrust. 
But when you look at G.N.P.'s growth. This year, a year of recovery, we see that it is six and nine tenths and one of the highest in the world today. 
But that's not the case. 
I want a nation of equity, where no one is denied the fullness of life or discrimination, and where we treat with compassion those in difficulty among us. 
He chooses and chooses. 
Lloyd Bentsen and I are optimistic, and so is the American people. And we ask you for our hand for your hands and your hearts, and your votes on November 8 so that we can move forward in the future. 
Third, Arthur Gardner, Republican Ambassador, Earl Smith, Republican Ambassador, said successively over the past six weeks that they had reported to Washington that Castro was a Marxist, that Raul Castro was a Communist and that they had not achieved effective results. 
And unless we are ready to run programs like this in the 1960s, this battle for the economic survival that these people are leading will be lost. 
STRATEGOS: Senator Dole, I am Bertha Strategos, and I work in the field of health care and it is really an honour to be here tonight to address you both. 
It's one thing to be certain, but you can be sure and be wrong. 
As president and as someone who knows most of these people, I could call the Wall Street chiefs, the heads of every business in America, I'd blow up all the records. 
I want to give Senator Harris the opportunity to answer the same question I asked, that is, that electors have the right to know more detailed information about the health of the candidates for the presidency, and especially about the presidents, especially when they face some kind of challenge? 
I think we can and should do it. 
Ecoute... 
In fact, the economy of Latin America is almost as large as that of China. 
We have a specific plan to create 1 million new jobs in the cities of central America with tax credits for employers who hire people from social assistance, because we have passed the welfare reform now, we have promised to put an end to social assistance as we know it. 
The facts are, there - the Soviet Union's relationship with Egypt is, uh - at a low level. 
It was the same governor who applied for a permit to dump waste wastewater from Massachusetts off the coast of New Jersey. 
Governor Romney, knowing that, said, I would sign it, if I were there. 
I didn't say. 
(LAUGHTER) You're up. 
She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. 
Until we control the costs of health care, we will not control the deficit. 
You look, uh, Ferguson, you look, or you go to... a lot of places. 
Thank you, r. y. the biggest cliché on the vice-presidency is that it's a heartbeat, everyone waits to see what would happen if the worst happened. 
Especially some of the small producers. 
The policies of the last eight years and - and Washington's reluctance to tackle the difficult problems for decades have left us in the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. 
I am in favour of tax cuts to encourage and encourage the faster development of these new technologies. 
The problem is, they'll be in China. 
But what I'm saying is. 
Mr President, can we stick to morality? 
It is therefore a reasonable policy to protect old tree stands while ensuring that our forests are not vulnerable to forest fires that have destroyed acres after acres in the West. 
Dukakis is that he cut taxes. 
Yeah, I think it's good to do business with them. 
He lost $1.6 million, ladies and gentlemen. 
BIDEN: Law and order with justice, where people are treated fairly. 
PENCE: – Senator, this is the calculation – 
But I'm gonna tell you, Joe, you could never have done the job we did. 
They don't allow cars a few days of the week. 
Mr. Bush wants to spend billions and trillions in Star Wars. 
The president and I share the conviction that marriage is between a man and a woman. 
We hope that she will have a fair hearing. 
And that is why proliferation is one of the cornerstones of a multi-pronged strategy to make the country safer. 
Donald Trump and Mike Pence said he was a great leader. 
WELKER: Let me ask you for a follow-up — 
He's talking about the green New Deal. 
What Michael says, don't put all these rules on us, just let us teach ourselves and hold ourselves accountable for each level. 
We have a very good relationship, and there is no war. 
KAINE: Elaine, on the economy, there is a fundamental choice for the American electorate. 
CLINTON: But it is because I see that we need strong growth, fair growth, sustained growth. 
I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were established. 
But I am determined that if ever our men are called, they should have the best we can provide in terms of tools and weapons. 
And here are the facts. 
I guarantee you that won't happen. 
And that is why this enormous national debt, designed by this administration, harms these countries to fuel this immigration. 
They cannot impose arbitrary limits on life. 
We have a program to gradually reduce government spending based on these theories, and I now have a working group working on where these reductions could be made. 
Because everyone is talking about how Iraq, which is us with our leadership, will fight I. w, with these 200 admirals and generals, they cannot believe it. 
I don't think you can -- I don't think you can get results that way. 
It cost us billions and billions of dollars for peacekeeping operations. 
But to follow up on Brit Hume's question, when you said it was a hypothetical situation, it is, Sir, after all, the reason why we are here tonight, because you are not just running for Vice-President - (Applause) 
I believe that the American people were interrupted in this election for various reasons. 
That's what he did to women. 
We're going to rebuild our army. 
The United States of America has taken the lead in Southern Africa. 
Senator, you're not Jack Kennedy. 
But what I want to know is why George Bush waited three and a half years during this health insurance crisis before finally going out with a proposal, just before the election, and he still hasn't presented it to Congress. 
It was like your party's proposal when social security was proposed for the first time. 
Well, he's 40, I'm 15 years old, it's okay. 
BUSH: Well, listen, you should be in the White House for a day and hear what I hear and see what I see and read the mail I read and touch the people I touch from time to time. 
We need a thorough background check, and we need to keep the weapons out of the hands of those who will hurt. 
Hon.LEHRER: Ninety seconds, Senator Kerry. 
I also believe that we must tell people that if you do not comply with standards, there must be a consequence. 
We are talking about schools - three times more classrooms built in the past Administration - and Eisenhower - than under the Truman Administration. 
We exempt small businesses. 
His own national security advisor told him that what was going on with his buddy — well, I won, I should — I will — his friend Rudy Giuliani. 
I'm glad you raised it, and it's -- it's a critical problem. 
I listen to them all, including Anthony. 
Over and over again, this administration has said one thing and done another. 
I know we can do a better job of clean coal technologies. 
We're going to have regulation -- we're going to have litigation reform. 
There's $7 trillion in fixed assets in America. 
We believe that we can do this thanks to today's technology in a way that will not harm the environment, will not permanently harm the countryside at all, and therefore what we are looking for in terms of environmental policy and energy policy is balance. 
They say we should be satisfied. 
There have been five or six and if you wait long enough, there will probably be another one. 
And - and the whole subject of crime is a subject that very much concerns our people, and I think that the fairness of this one is - is one - is a major problem that addresses our - our leader and that is something that has not been adequately dealt with by - this administration. 
It doesn't solve problems. 
Their actions in Georgia are unacceptable. 
I will never veto a country's security. 
How, in the name of American democracy, can we tell Eastern Europe that democratic capitalism will work there if we cannot make it work in East L.A. or East Harlem or East Palo Alto, California? 
They're doing a great job. 
It is typical of the anti-capitalist mentality of this administration. 
It's about you. 
We're closing the gap. 
And what we had to do was replace them with international peacekeepers and a special envoy to resolve the crisis before it ended. 
That's what America is. 
The whole controversy about your age. 
The State. 
I can tell you that I am someone who respects others. 
I don't agree with that. 
BUSH: If I knew three new weapons systems that I thought were garbage and that were not protected by Congress, they would not be in the budget. 
PENCE: ...and insurance to our allies. 
And he said that. 
Obviously, I do not agree with this idea that we have in one way or another forcefully opposed to the Russians entering Georgia. 
You must be wrong about the security of the American people, senator. 
So I think the idea of humility is important. 
They don't believe in all the values we believe in. 
Instead of the federal government, we got this tax credit, cashing in some of the costs, because if you have to hire a replacement, it's a cost. 
I think almost every other developed nation in the world has an energy policy with the exception of us. 
The president thinks it's more important to fight for this first percent than to fight for tax liability and fight for you. 
Think about what the governor -- think about what the governor just said. 
I'd say that's exactly the kind of bipartite leadership he and I can bring to Washington to do things. 
And I like, I like Senator Dole, you can probably tell us that we love each other. 
Look at our program. 
The share of Americans who say race relations are bad in this country is the highest it has been in decades, much amplified by African-American shootings by the police, as we have seen recently in Charlotte and Tulsa. 
This is of course an area of great concern to the whole world, and in particular to America, which must see a complete change in the structure and environment in the Middle East. 
And I don't think most Americans can do that. 
I want to change it. 
With regard to cyber, I agree with some parts of what Secretary Clinton has said. 
And he wrote this manual. 
He's the vice president of the United States, and his son, brother and other brother get rich, they're like a vacuum cleaner, there's something — 
Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes. 
There is a lot to do with them in terms of internal security. 
The Americans have always loved our environment. 
Uhh - I recommended to Congress, however - I'm sure you're familiar with this - law that would, uh - make uhh - very, uh - appropriate in - in the right way, that the Attorney General could enter and get the right to listen in security matters. 
Start asking the question, what do you know? 
It happened, and a lot more are coming. 
And I think that, as part of this process, what I am trying to say is that we must lead, command, lead, and a president must see it as it is. 
I am absolutely convinced that we can do this. 
Yeah, that's right. 
The murders and tragedies had taken place. 
That's not how America was built. 
Mr Bush vetoed it twice because he said that we cannot do something that 72 other countries are doing, even if there was an exemption for small businesses. 
The Soviet Union is no longer, and now we are working to help them become fully democratic through the Freedom Support Act that I led, a great democratic ambassador, Bob Strauss, over there, Jim Baker, we all managed to pass this thing -- through cooperation, Ross -- it worked with cooperation, and you are for that, I'm sure, helping Russia become democratic. 
We must therefore remain useful in encouraging Pakistan to move towards a more stable government and to rebuild relations with us. 
I didn't deliver the help. 
The first time I was there in 2002, it was amazing to me what they were facing. 
That's right. 
And we know what happened. 
What I proposed is that we expand Obamacare and increase it. 
It's the only way it works. 
And that's not the kind of advocacy women need in any economy. 
HEARING_QUESTION: I would like to ask Governor Clinton, do you attribute the increase in health care costs to the medical profession itself, or do you think the problem is elsewhere? 
I do not name people who, in my opinion, are Liberals or think - who, in my opinion, are Conservatives. 
They're interested in keeping Assad in power. 
If you don't answer my question, I'll answer yours. 
This is the right thing for consumers. 
I don't know how you align yourself with the extreme aspect of the pro-abortion movement in America. 
We can't let that happen, Joe, you can't let that happen. 
Try to teach their children the good of evil and believe in their hearts that their children can do it. 
The ultimate irony would be to have this happen to us, because foreigners finally stopped buying our securities. 
Unemployment is rising, we're sending US tax dollars and IMF funds to Mexico, and we're making a profit. 
As Secretary of State, the Clinton Foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars from foreign governments and donors. 
And what do you think? 
As far as Darfur is concerned, yes, it is genocide. 
You voted to increase taxes 98 times. 
I agree with the President: when they could not, we should have it; now that they can, they should. 
And they sent nuclear secrets, potentially, to countries like Syria. 
Tipper and I worked on the problem of violence in children's entertainment. 
I learn in my religious tradition that we are given domination over the Earth, but we must be good stewards of the Earth, and that means taking care of it. 
That -- we have 4 million people in Medicare who will lose the benefit of Medicare because of the $716 billion in reductions. 
Let's look at the employment situation we mentioned earlier, the trade agreement – the trade war, they wanted to call it – with China. 
But I think that, fairly, we must recognize the problem facing South Korea. 
Our investigators tonight are Joseph Kraft, a union columnist; Robert Maynard, an editorial editor for the Washington Post; and Jack Nelson, head of the Washington office of the Los Angeles Times. 
Just so you put him out. 
He also raised CAP money. 
And one of the things I tried the most to do is tell the American people that we need to go beyond that, we need to understand that we are stronger when we unite around shared values instead of being divided by our differences. 
Because this is where the majority of Americans live, in urban areas, and they are facing a financial and social crisis. 
PAGE: Thank you, Vice-President Pence – Thank you, Vice-President Pence – 
Secondly, I think it is important to reach out to moderate Arab nations, such as Jordan and Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. 
And I'm going to put in place a better internal security effort. 
I respect your position on t. o, in fact, when we're talking about the Bush administration, there's a moment, too, when the Americans are going to say, "Enough with your ticket," constantly looking back, pointing fingers, and playing the game of fault. 
And what we can do now is release some resources, for example, to get the Americans back to work, especially our veterans, rebuild our roads, our bridges, our schools, make sure, you know, our veterans get the care they need when it comes to post-traumatic disorders and brain trauma, ensuring that the certifications they need for good jobs of the future are in place. 
WALLACE: Why did you relax the fuel economy standards that will create more pollution of cars and trucks? 
KAINE: Okay. PENCE: The only tax problem — Hillary Clinton will raise taxes, and Donald Trump and I will reduce them. 
Like you, I'm worried about the deficit. 
Treatment. 
Dr. Bernadine Healy -- SIMPSON: Good. 
But I do not think there are any mutual exclusions or contradictions in building a strong agricultural economy in this country, helping our family farms and providing a solid future for rural communities and for rural America, while working on the debt of the Third World. 
And it's not an easy problem to solve. 
You have to decide whether or not you want to change. 
GREENBERG: Mr Anderson, I would like to know precisely what changes you would be encouraging and demanding in American lifestyles in terms of automobile use, housing, land use and consumption, in order to address problems that will not respond to campaign lullabies on minor conservation efforts and more production? 
Let's talk about it. 
And they're angry, and they have every reason to be angry. 
And by acknowledging this, I have brought together a group of our fellow citizens to study the issue. 
WHITE: Vice-President Bush, Cuba and Nicaragua would be preparing to defend themselves against an American invasion that they believe might come this fall. 
That's right. 
Number one, he knows what I proposed. 
Less regulation if we want jobs here; legal reform if we want jobs here; and we need to keep taxes low. 
And so what I want is -- it's a global strategy. 
RYAN: This idea -- this idea comes from the Clinton Commission to save Medicare chaired by Senator John Breaux. 
This is a problem that will continue to be a problem for the years to come. 
But this does not mean that we will stop protecting the rights of unborn people. 
This is an issue that will require a new attitude. 
Governor Clinton, just a minute. 
All who were around the time, and who had been there, and who knew about it, knew that it was a failed state. 
The last presidential debate could have been classified MA, a mature audience, as a parenting guideline for television. 
It's about your family, and your family hurting. 
We have guards and reservists who do two tasks. 
We buy products for our military and they arrive at costs that are so much higher than they were supposed to be, because we don't have people who know what they're doing. 
We have no choice. Your racing companion said this week that the Muslim ban is no longer your position. 
It's okay. 
When are you gonna stop this program? 
I made the recommendation to the president. 
By giving parents the tools to protect their children from cultural pollution. 
But I also believe that we need to look at the energy sources of the future, such as wind, solar and biofuels, and make these investments. 
Thank you very much, Bob, Governor Romney, and Lynn University. 
But I am committed that in the next ten days, when we ask the American people to make one of the most important decisions in their lives, because I think that this election is one of the vital poles of American history, that we are doing together what we can to stimulate electoral participation. 
We will restore the tax discipline we had in the 1990s. 
Federal funding for education is increasing substantially -- Pell's grants are increasing. 
WELKER: Mr.President Trump, I would like to follow up on you and your comments. 
It's about bringing back good jobs for the middle class of America, and that's what I'm going to do. 
That's right. 
And we said, hey, we have to free the Bush kids. 
I believe that this has ensured that our interests will be protected in the Persian Gulf region, as we have done in the Middle East and throughout the world. 
We need to change this whole culture. 
We made a concerted effort to find women with backgrounds who could be qualified to become members of our firm. 
TRUMP: Well, I see his statement about my children as a very good compliment. 
A question for you. 
Mr SCHIEFFER: Gentlemen, thank you very much for a very vigorous debate. 
I want to give a tax credit for the purchase of individual health insurance plans. 
China and the World Health Organization have not played directly with the American people. 
She is -- she took a governor who was a member of her own party when she ran for governor. 
It's hard to cross the driveway from there to the left. 
I can assure you that none of the questions have been communicated to the Commission or to the two candidates. 
So you have to create jobs. 
And the number is to develop the economy, because if more people work in a growing economy, they pay taxes, and you can get the job done that way. 
Do we build the future this nation needs? 
I think medical care should go with the person. 
This means not only military strength and our values, but also the maintenance of our economy. 
He printed cloths of drapery on long tables, where he pulled out these fabrics and went down with a screenprint and threw the paint in and took the beating and continued to go. 
We want security. 
So I have to defend myself. 
And I can't believe... PENCE: That's absurd. 
They were injured, but they lit the lights and fed our factories. 
We experienced the largest decline in income inequality in 27 years in 1995. 
Look at the 24 retired generals and admirals who supported me, including the Deputy Commander of Desert Storm. 
That's why I have an education program, an equal employment opportunities program, and a program that would also deal with our seniors. 
RADDATZ: Yes, you can answer it. 
But even if it was someone -- even someone who had a history of abortion rights, you considered them? 
Vice President Gore? 
And I would say that no president should ever allow anyone else to make the major decisions, the president only makes the decisions. 
Today, we import a million barrels of Saddam Hussein. 
But if India fails - with its four hundred and fifty million people, if it cannot make freedom work - people around the world will determine - especially in the underdeveloped world - that the only way to develop their resources is through the communist system. 
And that means tax reductions for the middle class. 
By destroying all Syrians or Muslims? 
When I was young, I volunteered for the army. 
We announced the plan for what we can do for small businesses. 
But we're talking about racial healing in this segment. 
But for the ballot papers, I think so, because what's going on is amazing. 
Senator Obama opposed it. 
We must say — we must present a plan that will distract people from the criminal justice system, address mandatory minimum sentences, which have left too many people out for too long to do too little. 
I am well aware of the truly legitimate concerns that you have expressed both by the President and by the General. 
There are new economic realities there that everyone in this room and across the country understands that choices will have to be made. 
For example, our mortality rate is two and a half times higher than that of Canada, next door. 
I respect that. 
Please continue. 
MCCAIN: It will not be a reignition of the Cold War, but Russia is a challenge. 
And I had some exceptions that I support - rape, incest and mother's life. 
Mr. Kalb, your question to President Reagan. 
And we will make any necessary adjustments. 
First of all, there is the historical perspective that I have just described. 
I want to... try to get you to answer a question that neither of your directors answered correctly when my colleague, Jim Lehrer, asked it last week, starting with you, Senator Biden. 
Of course, we have an immediate crisis right now. 
When Mr. Nixon made his famous speech on Operation Independence, we imported about 35 percent of our oil. Now we've increased that amount by 25%. 
These pre-existing conditions, insurance companies will love it. 
And when I speak of presidential leadership, I refer, for example, to our attitude towards sit-in strikes. 
In each of its segments, a journalist will ask candidates the same general question. 
Over 20 years in the U.S. Senate, I worked with John McCain, who sits here, and I worked with other colleagues. 
Secretary of State Kissinger has done an excellent job working with the black African nations, the so-called front-line nations. 
What if he hangs on? 
Mr. Trump? 
It means going to pick them up online. 
Today, your daughter, Ivanka, said the same thing. 
You're stealing my closeness. 
It seems to me once again that it is very difficult to blame the four Republicans for the fact that the eight Democrats did not get something through this particular committee. 
We say we have a vote -- we have a vote on the middle class tax reduction and we have a vote on the (ph) upper tax reduction; let's move forward and vote on it. » 
The next question is for you, Mr. Vice-President. 
Vice President Biden, your answer. 
And that question, I think, goes to the senator -- to Vice-President Cheney. 
There's a new opportunity in the future. 
But I cannot take what is an article of faith for me and legislate it for someone who does not share this article of faith, whether they are agnostics, atheists, Jews, Protestants, whatever. 
All of this could be called into question by men. 
Now, looking at what we should do in the future. 
In addition, foreign policy will be the next debate. 
That's what he's doing right now. 
Here's what I'd say. 
I don't want the Americans to be confused. 
When you get out in 2014, I guess I'll be president. 
Oh, I'm sorry. 
And you call him. 
Do you believe, you two -- but you had the first two minutes on this, Mr. Speaker -- do you think there is a fundamental difference between you two as to how you view the federal government's mission? 
And I don't think employers should tell anyone if they could have contraceptive care. 
It wouldn't be appropriate for me to do it. 
And I will not exclude the American people from this process in the future, as Mr Ford and Mr Kissinger did. 
Traditionally, if you have been involved in such a campaign, you know that parents with children in school are the ones who reveal themselves and vote. 
He objected to all the efforts of each president to do so, and during the four years of his administration he did not do so. 
It is a moral responsibility for us and for the world. 
Hank Paulson says he won't stay. 
And she was in the hospital, and I went to talk to her and tell her what I thought I was doing. 
Not what a commander-in-chief does when you try to lead troops. 
We're just gonna stay on the taxes. 
You're Donald Trump. 
That's how it's gonna get paid, but we don't know the details. 
This is about fairness and equality. 
But let me talk about what's really important to the worker you're referring to. 
But I can't predict all the things that are going to happen, and I don't think a president should be judged solely on the deficit. 
It's ad hoc, we get up in the morning and read the papers, which country has problems, we'll have a meeting. 
Great. 
It was him. 
I wouldn't violate anything my mother said. 
You went to a private school for a while in your life. 
Well, Candy, actually, in my state, pro-gun people and anti-gun people have come together and drafted a bill. 
And I miss going to church, but I think the Lord understands. 
In addition, I am not going to tell you "read my lips" on anything because I cannot predict what emergencies might occur in this country. 
We're gonna take 30 seconds here. 
They've decided. 
Mr President, you mentioned the creation of nine million jobs. 
There is even an Apple store in China that is a counterfeit Apple store, selling counterfeit goods. 
We should have -- waited a second. 
I think human life is very, very precious. 
They shouldn't go to jail for a drug or alcohol problem. 
Sir, it is officially expected that our annual health and social insurance deficits will be measured in the trillion dollars of the next century. 
You, the Vice-President, mentioned earlier, as part of what he thinks to be an achievement, the President's trade war with China. 
But they really want the disposition of interest, which I think Hillary's leaving. 
And he said no. 
It's clear that you won't admit... TRUMP: No, you're the puppet. 
This means tackling the problems of injustice and inequity, according to race and ethnicity here at home, because in all these other places of the world where they have these terrible problems, when they feel hope, it is often because they see in us a reflection of their potential. 
Hello, Mary. 
Well, settle it for us both, and start with Governor Palin. 
Have you seen what's happening to Aleppo? 
I could go back to something else. 
I am interested in 240 million citizens of this country who share the American dream, all in all parts of this country. 
And so I say in conclusion, keep the American faith strong. 
It's the highest we've ever been in our country. 
I believe in blind trust because I believe that a public official in this type of employment should not know whether he will benefit, directly or indirectly, by some of the supporters he might have or something like that. 
Our schools are not educational. 
I let you do it a while ago. 
The Soviets made an ABM treaty when they felt that we were going to deploy an ABM system. 
We're a few miles from Ellis Island. 
Joe Biden believes that you measure the health and strength of the American economy according to health, and the strength of the American worker and the American family. 
It means having smart decisions that keep our prosperity going and feed that economic strength so that we can provide that leadership role. 
So, the new world order for me means freedom and democracy, staying committed, not retreating into isolation. 
She... 
We now have, uh - for example, only 7 percent of the total cost of education is funded by the federal government. 
I do not suggest that Mr. Nixon do so in any way. 
Just remember when you think about me -- I didn't create this mess. 
And they want to go on. 
Andrew Kosberg has a related question about education that is right on this subject. 
Maybe that was the point. 
I'm opposed to hiding and hiding things. 
There may be others. 
And for the first time in their history, the Union for Immigration and Customs Enforcement has approved Donald Trump as the next president of the United States of America. 
Well, that's your opinion. 
The President's policy across the Middle East began with a tour of excuses and -- and -- and pursue a leadership strategy from behind, and this strategy is confusing before our eyes. 
Perhaps some special interest groups that are closely linked to the government. 
And do you think there may be new initiatives for nuclear disarmament, nuclear control or arms control during this period? 
And then what you have is people like my grandmother at the mercy of the private insurance system precisely when they most need decent health care. 
BUSH: I too want to extend my prayers and blessings, God's blessings on families whose lives were reversed yes -- tod -- last night. 
This means that more than 20 million people will lose your coverage. 
I fought for proliferation all the time -- anti-proliferation all the time I was in Congress. 
And I'm going to keep this Trust Fund of Social Security healthy and keep our commitment to the elderly and maybe lagging behind, maybe when you get two decades or one in the next century, you're going to have to take another look at it, but not now. 
And I've been here 13 months at meetings like this since October, with people like you all over America, people who have lost their jobs, lost their livelihood, lost their health insurance. 
Why didn't they do it in seven years? 
India, in a free society, has made some progress. 
There are terrorists trying to get hold of this thing today. 
I am more optimistic today than I was when I started talking about this nation, as long as we have the kind of leadership in Washington that can work with you, that can build partnerships, that can build jobs in all parts of this country, not parts of it. u know, my friends, my parents have come to this country like immigrants like millions and millions of Americans before them and since, looking for opportunities, in search of the American dream. 
And John McCain is the leader of this reform. 
I said I don't remember any of the White House's legislative contacts. 
Hon.HUME: Senator, I would like to ask you a question that may be a little off the subject of politics, but that is to get more on the question of what kind of person you are. 
And when Governor Romney says, the challenge is, "Well Obama didn't try." 
When I say "restauré" in fact, it is the first true democracy that Haiti has ever had. 
And we're going to face tough choices and... [crosstalk]Gentleman, I want to move on now. 
It is simply a question of leaving a bunch of people uninsured and letting them manage, of letting companies understand how long they can continue to pay premiums until they finally give up, and their workers are no longer insured, and that is the trend line. 
I was in a state where my legislature was 87 percent democrat. 
We're going to make America big again, but we're going to make America safe again. 
And the data he uses are old. 
You gave up your rebuttal. 
I think we need to make choices. 
We were proud of them. 
Dukakis and his years of public service, is there anything nice you can say about him, something you find admirable? 
Mr. CARTER: Well, let me say very quickly that under the Johnson presidency, despite the massive investment in the Vietnam war, he gave Mr. Nixon a balanced budget. 
Why don't you interrupt it? 
We must be able to make a difference. 
Yes, a good man. 
GORE: We'll stay with this problem for a while. 
The doctor chooses the prescription you need and no one can overstep your doctor. 
And it is the kind of difficult business actions that are needed. 
We're going to have to have a president, however, who doesn't think in one way or another the government is investing in -- in automobile companies like Tesla and -- and Fisker, manufacturing electric batteries. 
All I'm saying is that if you spend money, show us the results and test each year, what you're not doing, Mr. Vice President. 
And, with faith in God and with conviction in America's mission, I believe that we can reach higher. 
Partly because he didn't point the finger at blame in search of scapegoats, he was quick to share the credit. 
Very briefly? 
But I've changed about it, and -- and I'm glad I did. 
Donald Trump can't start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without getting off in the foot. 
There have been more than thirteen hundred indictments in the HUD, more than eight hundred convictions for real estate loans. 
Mr. Trump, two minutes? 
Republicans don't meet in the Senate. 
Mr President, the economic recovery is real, but uneven. 
I'm just trying to follow the insulted campaign across the table. 
But the first and most important thing is to start creating jobs in America. 
We have a dead end government. 
And that is a fundamental difference in what we think needs to be done in this country. 
That's not nice." 
Interest rates have fallen by about 9 or 10 points and we believe that they should fall further. 
That is why I support a federal law on teacher responsibility, which states that if a teacher or director meets reasonable standards of discipline in the classroom, he or she cannot be prosecuted. 
It's not good for the country and it's not good. 
OBAMA: Well, there are a series of things that will probably have to be delayed. 
It's a company, it's not basic research. 
Mr President, the Bureau of the Congressional Budget has bad news. 
There's been a lot of things that might not have happened. 
She's been doing this for 30 years. 
But a positive change is coming. 
Sometimes they don't like America's decisions, but I don't think you want a president trying to become popular and doing the wrong thing. 
It's okay. 
And it's not like it was 25 years ago, it was three and three quarters. 
(CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...entreprise... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ...pour répondre à vous... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: ...si -- si vous êtes... (CROSSTALK) OBAMA: ...vous avez eu la parole depuis un moment. 
And we will continue to promote freedom throughout the world. 
We can build this bridge until the 21st century. 
We have an excellent economic package that I hope we will discuss later. 
I think we've radically changed the world. 
This was my first vote against tobacco companies when I said we should label cigarettes. 
How many times have I prospered? 
As far as Iraq is concerned, I have indicated that it would be a mistake to - I have given power to the President. 
And what are his health programs? 
It's really nobody else's business. 
And I'll be president, not just for the democrats. 
So there's... TRUMP: No, you're wrong. 
In my state, juvenile justice laws are being tightened. 
I'm Jim Lehrer of the MacNeil-Lehrer press hour on PBS. 
Then there was another bill before the Senate Judicial Committee in the state of Illinois not so long ago, where he voted against the prohibition of abortion at partial birth, one of the abortions in the long run, one real - one of the bad procedures, one terrible. 
TRUMP: I think it's pretty much down. 
The discussions of the Vice-President sometimes tend to focus on the crisis during which a Vice-President is introduced into the Oval Bureau, and indeed, one-third of the vice-Presidents who served were transferred to the White House. 
In an interrupted &gt; transfer! 
If all of today's unemployed were in one line allowing two feet for each of them, this line would reach from New York City to Los Angeles, California. 
The experience George Bush and Dan Quayle are talking about includes the worst economic performance since the Great Depression. 
Then make a decision. 
You have more money in your pocket as a result of the tax relief we passed and he objected. 
They look at the fact that we owe them a trillion dollars and that we owe the other 16 trillion dollars in total, including that. 
I had a single mother and my grandparents raised me and it was because of the help of the bursaries and my grandmother leaning on things she might have wanted to buy and my mother, at some point, getting food stamps so we could put food on the table. 
He suggested that we pass a bill on support for education. 
These crooks -- now Willie Sutton would have owned a savings and a loan rather than stealing banks, because he stole banks because that's where the money is; owning a savings and a loan is where the money was. 
This attitude is extremely dangerous and belligerent in its tone, although it is said in a quiet voice. 
They don't want us to talk about each other. 
TRUMP: Yes, we are working very hard — we are trying very hard. 
I'm glad to see, Dick, in the papers, that you're better than you were eight years ago, too. 
Mr. Moyers. 
If they're safe, they're coming. 
It's like saying that, you know, we're the idea that, the fact that there's a public option that people can choose, who makes it a socialist plan? 
Let me follow you before we move on to our next section. 
Yes, I think that's a very good question, because I've heard a lot of teachers and parents about some of their concerns about some of the things that are said and done in this n. d I think it's very important for us to make our children understand that our country is really big because we're good. 
If we move forward, if we provide a viable economy, if our people have sufficient resources to consume what we produce, then this country is on the move, then we are stronger, then we are setting a better example for the world. 
RYAN: Different than this administration, we actually want to have big bipartite agreements. 
You should have changed the law. 
That's not necessary. 
Please, quiet, everybody. 
Almost no progress in math. 
Let's see, who's the turn to go now? 
The agenda should now identify issues on which agreement or negotiation can be reached. 
And the reason he did it is because the governor of Massachusetts does not want to answer former secretary Jim Schlesinger on this very important issue. 
They don't have a gun. 
It's Putin, the puppy. 
He overtakes him. 
It was some kind of inversion. 
We still have a long distance to travel in terms of equity in America. 
We use new equipment. 
You're not. 
BIDEN: Because the oil industry is significantly polluting — but here — 
Let's do one of those one-minute extensions. 
I do not believe, therefore, that there is any doubt that Senator Obama wants to restrict trade and that he wants to increase taxes. 
And that is not what our nation must be able to rely on. 
That is relevant in this regard. 
We must do so responsibly by reducing the expenses we do not need, but also by asking the rich to pay a little more. 
And it didn't make any sense. 
Positive action is not a quota. 
Forest fires in the West are raging. 
PENCE: No, I am — look...[crosstalk] WHO: All right, gentlemen, let us talk about Russia. 
We need to create jobs here. 
I am in favour of the particular constitutional amendment which would give individual states the right to vote in these states, the possibility of taking a decision by public referendum. 
I voted for the $50,000 limit to deviate from the millions of dollars paid to farmers. 
And, I know you've already answered questions on this subject, but there are still questions that remain and I think people want to know what your role was. 
Because everyone is talking about how Iraq, which is us with our leadership, will fight Mosul. 
CMCain: I don't think Senator Obama understands that there was a failing state in Pakistan when Musharraf came to power. 
We have also planned a youth employment programme that would include 600,000 jobs for young people. 
So yes, I prefer disclosure. 
We will always protect people with pre-existing — so I'd like to put an end to Obamacare, find a brand-new health care. 
President Ford, Governor Carter, we don't have enough time for two full sequences of questions. 
I had a life before that, too. 
We have areas of empowerment and business communities, including 105 in all communities in the United States of America. 
And it's gonna be hard, it's gonna be important to rebuild this coalition to keep the pressure on him. 
It's obvious that we need to stop that spending that goes on in Washington. 
We are on our way to success. 
I saw him do something different. 
Mr. Nixon incorrectly stated the file with respect to the depressed area bill. 
I'm not going to rank you both and say that your answers were too long or that I did a bad job. 
I have to take 10 seconds here at the end -- the red light isn't on yet -- to tell Ross Perot, please don't tell DEA agents on the street that we don't have the will to fight drugs. 
GIBSON: Senator Kerry, the next question is for you, and it's from Elizabeth Long. 
Do you support a woman's right to choose -- QUAYLE: Do you bear a 24-hour waiting period to have -- GORE: You always avoid -- QUAYLE: Why not avoid the question? 
And it means being smart to allow people to be fully educated, to know what their options are in life, and to make sure that you don't deny a poor person the right to have everything the constitution allows them if they can't afford it otherwise. 
And many of you are worried about your jobs, pensions, retirement accounts, your ability to send your child or grandson to college. 
Nearly half of U.S. tenants are concerned about whether they will be able to pay the rent by the end of the month. 
I am still four years old, I have more to do to continue raising standards, to continue to reward the teachers and school districts that work, to focus on mathematics and science in classrooms, to continue expanding Pell grants to ensure that people have the opportunity to start their careers with a university degree. 
And in that case, I am glad that we have done so, because if we had let the sanctions work and tried to build a consensus on this, Saddam Hussein would now be in Saudi Arabia controlling the global supply of oil, and he might be there with a nuclear weapon. 
Remember, Hillary Clinton was the senator from New York on September 11. 
There is no — he never came with a plan. 
So I have a story to cross the driveway. 
And, Mr. Mondale, you said that President Reagan offers excellence, not leadership, that he has not mastered what he needs to know to command his government. 
And I think that's what Governor Pence is, exactly what Governor Reagan warned us. 
Clean water? 
There are 168 federal programs that allow for quotas. 
If these are space weapons, I guess they'll be in space. 
We would prefer that 50 million future seniors determine how their health insurance plans are administered instead of 15 bureaucrats who decide what, if, when, where they get them. 
We just put an end to these deliveries that say people can't be expelled from the hospital by insurance companies when they just had babies. 
As I said in the context of Governor Bush's plan, almost half of the tax cuts are paid to the richest 1%. 
Your buddy said he had "pally with terrorists." 
It's almost over.Come on, there's not another serious scientist in the world who thinks it's gonna be over soon. 
HOLT: ...to achieve prosperity... TRUMP: No, no, you tell the enemy everything you want to do. 
The president says you're on one side of his register if you wear a mask, you're on the other side of his register if you don't. 
Our hearts are coming to you. 
I have a clear record of reaching through the aisle, whether it's Joe Lieberman or Russ Feingold or Ted Kennedy or others. 
Gentlemen, gentlemen. 
Why haven't you done it in the last 15 years? 
Did Al Gore make any promises in 1992? 
What do you think we should do about it as a Democrat? 
She has experience, but it's a bad experience. 
This leads to this question. 
I think the American people this evening have a lot to thank for - an economic recovery that has become expansion, freedom and, above all, we are at peace. 
Open schools cost a lot of money. 
I support the position of the President - and comfortably - from a moral point of view. 
Mr. WIEGHART (spoke in French): Mr. President, the Bureau of the Congress budget has bad news. 
I felt like there was a need for a better sense of responsibility for what was happening in the White House. 
I don't know a city in America that doesn't have the kind of problems you're talking about. 
Uh - last year we had a deficit of $65 billion - the largest deficit in our country's history - more than one deficit expenditure we had over the entire eight-year period under President Johnson and President Kennedy. 
The best America hasn't arrived yet. 
And, yes, President Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convince others, he used other arguments. 
The Taliban -- what we discovered, and we -- you saw him in Iraq, Martha, unless you set a schedule, Baghdad, in the case of Iraq, and -- and Kabul, in the case of Afghanistan, will not intensify. 
She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. 
TRUMP: ... 
And there's no system. 
Gwen, I want to go back to the last comment, and then I'll go back to Israel-Palestine. 
I cut their budget. 
And Hillary Clinton has a record of accomplishment through the driveway that will allow him to do exactly that when we work with the new Congress in January. 
I therefore welcome this challenge. 
Everyone in this room, practically, here tonight, is an immigrant. 
So I think it should be watched with great suspicion, people who really throw away the accessories of our great military establishment prematurely. 
This affects human beings, and - and its insensitivity to provide these people with a chance to work has made this an administration of well-being, not an administration of work. 
You don't know who broke into DNC. 
You'll have time. 
I guess the vice president said two or three times that I came from the left. 
And do you trust Bill Clinton to be your president? 
If Pittsburgh doesn't have the money to fix water leaks, it's because the federal government preempted. 
You didn't hear what I said. 
We have a question here. 
These stem cell lines already existed. 
And as far as the summit conference is concerned, it should only be introduced inside, it should be accepted only if the negotiations have reached the point that we have a reasonable assurance that something is going to come out of it, other than a false spirit - a spirit of Geneva, or Camp David, or whatever. 
And it's a big fight. 
I'll stay close to Israel. 
Almost all the places you can point at, unlike Mr. 
We knew he hated us. 
He said: "Sarah and I live on the east side of the mountain. 
Police officers in these cities claim that if there is a national law, to prevent other jurisdictions from supplying the weapons that then arrived in places like New York, they may have a better response to the problem. 
In fact, he built a tax return that was published this week, which shows that he faced quite difficult times 20 years ago. 
Some small business owners, many of them, cannot even afford health insurance for themselves. 
We saw the African-American unemployment rate fall below the two figures for the first time in 25 years and it remained below for 25 consecutive months. 
I don't know. 
I'll be happy to answer. 
I think to be exact, I had 49 percent; President Ford, 39 percent. 
I am honoured to have this role, but tonight belongs to the candidates and, just as important, to the Americans and others, we look forward to hearing from you your policies and positions, as well as your visions and values. 
This election will also determine what kind of world we leave our children. 
Let's go to school. 
If you think that the Republican party is a place where you can come if you're close-minded or bigoted or don't like some people in America, the exits are clearly marked for you to get out of what I'm here without compromise, because it's Lincoln's party. 
I didn't wink at the food. 
In the last row. 
I want to control our own energy by developing oil and natural gas, but also the energy sources of the future. 
This means that we, as one of the largest oil consumers - 25% of the world's oil - must have an energy strategy not only to deal with Russia, but to deal with many of the rogue states we have talked about, Iran, Venezuela. 
It's kind of my reputation, as you know. 
We can do all these things, while building a future in which we are on a sound budgetary basis. 
We've covered this land. 
You have been accused of being too fast to advocate the use of many muscles - military action - to deal with foreign crises. 
We welcome the people who come to this country as immigrants. 
Instead, I want to build the midgetman, which is mobile and therefore less vulnerable, contributing to stability, and a weapon that will give us security and contribute to incitement to arms control. 
A president must know that. 
He's been in the U.S. Senate for 20 years. 
And thank you for joining us tonight. 
I think it's fair to note -- he can refute -- but Arkansas is one of the few states that do not have civil rights legislation. 
I would like to unite this country to make a programme that will talk about the hopes and aspirations of the future. 
His experience was different from mine. 
It's working. 
And they're gonna dominate you, Joe. 
Don't go because I... I want you to talk to Kerry Ladka who wants to change the subject for us. 
What tools do we need to fight? 
The most important difference in this electoral campaign, in my view, is the approach to the control of nuclear weapons and the tendency to control or not control the spread of atomic weapons to other nations that do not currently have it, particularly the terrorist nations. 
Yes. 
GORE: Well, we need values that recognize the importance of the environment. 
That's not true. 
GORE: Well, Jim, the FDA took 12 years, and I support that decision. 
After he left the Senate, we abandoned him. 
Home ownership is still high in America. 
TRUMP: These states are not well that are closed right now. 
Our moderator is Howard K. Smith. 
I said we'd create jobs for our people, and we've done it -- $6 million in the last 20 or 21 months. 
You paid millions of dollars in... 
And I'm going to be a serious president, I hope and I expect the American people to be loved. 
I will describe the plan that Al Gore and I have to maintain America's prosperity and ensure that it benefits American families, especially middle-class families who are hard-working and have not yet fully benefited from the good times we have had. 
Their party hasn't been big on Medicare since the beginning. 
It's so sad what's going on in New York. 
I remember the period immediately preceding the Korean War, South Korea was also supposed to be indefensible. 
They did it after he left. 
I'll tell you very simply. 
President Eisenhower, the day before the Norman invasion, entered his room and wrote two letters. 
And by the way, I did these things. 
Another example would be Dred Scott, where the judges, years ago, said that the Constitution allowed slavery because of personal property rights. 
And honestly, you should be ashamed of yourself. 
He can set up an investigation committee. 
That was their main objective. 
I think it's part of it. 
But she said she'd be awake. 
Absolument. 
The price of medicines will fall from 80 to 90 per cent. 
And you too? 
And offshore drilling and nuclear power are two essential elements. 
That's what distinguishes us from the enemy. 
And so Joe believes, once again, in science. 
We have a broad coalition that goes beyond the party because I will change this country and make it better, with the help of the American people. 
And it's known oil reserves, known reserves. 
I think it's very dangerous at a time when Mr Khrushchev is here - harmful because it's wrong. 
That's the final result. 
Very briefly. 
Is it -- isn't there a risk that this could happen? 
But there are things that must be done to keep this country safe that have not yet been done. 
Washington's broken. 
BUSH: I strongly support the terms of office of the members of the American Congress. 
Mr Reagan, are you going to publish accurate forecasts within two weeks, so that voters can have time to analyze them and absorb them before the elections, showing exactly what all these things you've been talking about tonight - for energy, cities and defence - mean for inflation over the next five years? 
BIDEN: The Biden plan, which is different from what it calls the "Radical Green New Deal". 
MCCAIN: Well, Fiora (ph), I'm going to ask the American people to understand that there are programs that we might have to eliminate. 
And now there are 30 nations involved, standing side by side with our American troops. 
I'd like -- I'd like to move on to the next segment: the red lines, Israel and Iran. 
Good evening. 
You talked about the economy. 
And if they -- if they find this -- they can't get the benefits here they want and they can't -- and they can't find the job they want, then they'll make a decision to go where -- where they have better opportunities. 
He was one of those who voted against John F. Kennedy's tax reduction. 
IFILL: Governor, on another issue, interventionism, nuclear weapons. 
I think it is important to think about two points with regard to Russia. 
It wasn't the best for me and I knew it at the very beginning. 
We presented a student program for the Congo of more than three hundred that was more than what the federal government had for the whole of Africa the previous year, so that I do not think that we have moved at least in these two areas with sufficient vigour. 
Governor, I want to move you. 
Now, I didn't make most of the statements you said I had made. 
It's the height of hypocrisy. 
And they know who owns the money. 
You have publicly said that this is now three times the rate of inflation. 
Mr. Kemp, speaking of the family, where are you? 
But I suggest that we understand that this will be additional costs for seniors across the country. 
You know, I suspect that, for social security, we have a somewhat similar position. 
Like everyone else, I've spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we've heard and seen. 
I think the United States can afford to do these things. 
The meaning of this election is the future and if we will grow and provide jobs and opportunities for all Americans and what they need. 
He complains of secrecy and yet it is quoted as saying that in the attempt to find a solution in the Middle East that he would hold non-public meetings with the Soviet Union - I presume - with a view to imposing a settlement on Israel and the Arab nations. 
I believe in the President's committee on the outside. 
Massachusetts does not have a huge defence budget, but nevertheless, the governor has increased taxes five times different. 
She said she shouldn't have said half. 
This is one of the worst agreements ever made by any country in history. 
People make 6, 7, 8 dollars an hour. 
I said a lot of stupid things at the time. 
It is about adding or increasing 200 programmes, 20,000 new bureaucrats. 
All right, good enough. 
But my plan is to move away from the economy down, cut taxes on the richest Americans and get away from the road. 
Food prices are rising. 
Abraham Lincoln was a candidate for re-election, and it was 27 days before the election, and a seat became open to the Supreme Court of the United States. 
It's important to answer that. 
Those who suffered discrimination because of race or sex certainly knew that we had a racial problem. 
And we weren't diagnosing the problems. 
It was a horrible situation, no one liked to see it on our television screens, but this is a case where we need to make sure we have an early warning system in place in places where there could be ethnic cleansing and genocide, as we saw there in Rwanda. 
So we have to do something for them. 
Then, out of this debate, with leadership, comes consensus. 
And the worst... TRUMP: No, they were teasing us. 
These cards make sense. 
CLINTON: Nine million people — nine million people have lost their jobs. 
Each major -- I shouldn't say all -- of the two at least I've appointed, I know John McCain has opposed the expansion of the world's arms control regime. 
I want to help people with disabilities integrate into the general public. 
This, in fact, looks like a very deep cut within the federal government. 
And it's for Vice President Gore. 
Employment growth in September was slower than in August and in August was slower than in July. 
He went in front of a judge, who was a very counter-police judge. 
The law-abiding citizens will do so. 
A two-state solution, the construction of our embassy, also in Jerusalem, the things we expect to be able to accomplish, with this nation in search of peace, and they have experience in forging these peace agreements. 
We've done a lot of things. 
And again, he's been in the government for 47 years. 
And I am very pleased that John Kennedy was elected, because John Kennedy looked forward with courage, saw what needed to be done and understood his own government. 
We increase the defence reasonably -- not too much, but we increase the defence some -- because we want to be prepared in case someone here is called, Jason. 
And as we made these positive changes in lower interest rates, lower inflation rates, the Governor of Massachusetts fought us at every step of the way. 
First of all, we need to improve our education system and we have made tremendous progress by taking advantage of the ideas of the Democrats and Republicans who are already beginning to show gains in some of the most difficult to manage with schools. 
I saw them work, I saw them make very difficult decisions. 
Fourthly, we must develop their economic capabilities. 
I feel quite comfortable knowing that one day, Senator Mondale might very well be a chair. 
It will force us all - Democrats, Republicans, Independents - to come together and renew a spirit of sacrifice, service and responsibility. 
What the Vice-President just said is only a complete distortion. 
And John said I'm not going to fund the troops if there's actually a schedule. 
Why I'm gonna win is that I think I have the best plan of all three of us here to do something about it. 
- Mr. Maynard. 
DOLE: Well, 88 per cent of the people -- the president claims that 11 million are already covered and that only 5 per cent -- have in mind only 5 per cent of employers are affected by the Family Leave Act. 
But you don't want Roe v. Wade to be overturned? 
And we should try to solve the problem. 
We need to take care of it. 
I have a question for you. 
We have time. 
But Washington is a difficult city. 
They want to remain free, perhaps independent of us, but certainly independent of the communists. 
Margaret, once again, I don't know what George Bush I'm talking about or looking at. 
But I think our support - among those who are crucial to the election - has been fairly stable. 
And it's not only that small businesses see the costs skyrocket and they can't get affordable coverage even if they want to provide it to their employees. 
And this is an opportunity. 
We lost three thousand American lives. 
His opponent will have up to two minutes to answer. 
Do I support the provision of same-sex benefits? 
This is a difficult situation. 
Does she persuade you that, even if you do not agree on the regulation, in fact, she supports a second amendment on the right to bear arms? 
The interviewees tonight are Max Frankel, Associate Editor of the New York Times, Henry L. Trewhitt, Diplomatic Correspondent of the Baltimore Sun, and Richard Valeriani, Diplomatic Correspondent of NBC News. 
So what will be the message: "Please join us in Iraq. For a great diversion. 
So for these reasons, for the tax, for Medicare, for this advice, and for the people losing their insurance, that's why the Americans don't want Medicare -- don't want Obamacare. 
And very little of what Governor Romney just said is true. 
Many say four and a half percent. 
Of these ten, you have the slightest government experience of any of them. 
Mr. Mondale, starting with you. 
General Schwarzkopf is in the audience tonight. 
Now, the example cited by the President has nothing to do with abortion. 
These people are waiting. 
What's going on? 
What Mr. Gore's plan will cause huge payroll taxes or significant reductions in benefits. 
We will remain in the presence of these separation powers and a nine-seat Supreme Court. 
You won't be surprised if I don't agree with Joe's description. 
I chose cabinets. 
My uncle was the victim of a toxic gas. 
It becomes bigger even with growth. 
Yes, we can make the cuts in the defense and we have. 
You know, I made a mistake using a private email. 
It's his policy. 
Now, the results are what counts. 
They did not, by the way, simply reject the allies going in the lead... until the war. 
It's called business, by the way. 
The other candidate has two minutes to comment on the first candidate's question or answer. 
Do you want to give us permission to go to training?" 
And that's because they're careful. 
TRUMP: Ohio had the best year it's ever had last year. 
In Korea, we had three million five hundred thousand young men in the army, the navy, the air force and the marines. 
We have too much violence. 
I believe that the United States is at peace tonight in part because of the disciplined, prudent and effective deployment of our military resources. 
I think in many ways that this election is more important than any election since 1932, or certainly almost during this century. 
First step, we want to get America back to work, clean up the problem of small businesses, have a working force on it. 
We'll have a debate in four days and we can talk about this character thing again. 
Mr. LEHRER: Do you see that as Mr. Vice-President? 
The next question is to the governor. 
But you heard the president tell you that we added money. 
Under this administration, we work so well with the industry, but here's what we can't do — Look at China, how dirty it is. 
Mr.Quijano: Mr.Governor, this is Senator Kaine, two minutes, please. 
PENCE: Well, that's not what — that's not what Israel thinks. 
Thousands of people made suggestions on segment topics or questions via the Internet and other means, but I made the final selections. 
It's not a big coalition. 
This complements the opening statements, and now the candidates will answer the questions or comment on the answers to each other to the questions posed by the network correspondents. 
Each candidate will have 2 minutes for an opening statement. 
It's very sad. 
Those are your two words. 
The program that I advocated, which failed by five votes in the United States Senate, would have provided medical care for the elderly on social security, and would have been paid for by the social security system and the social security tax. 
This one. 
A good thing is that you go to your mailbox, get a check, and buy something. 
But the only thing I stressed was, what I just said, and that it was necessary to clarify the technicalities so that you could not be forced to release a person who was clearly guilty because of a small technicality in the law. 
These are positive questions, more things, and important problems that our nation is facing. 
It doesn't help that person in his house if the neighbor's house next door is abandoned. 
And he said... TRUMP: It's a big mistake. 
I think that's what this is about. 
I've been waiting for years. 
We believe that all Americans should have access to available medical care and should have access to the best schools in the world. 
Bur the action you are talking about with the ethics committee was started by an extreme right-wing legal organization - the foundation - knowing that I should - that there would be an automatic investigation. 
I want -- the way the rules go here now, two minutes, two minutes, and then I'll decide if we continue. 
(Applause) Mr MITCHELL: Mr Vice-President, Jimmy Carter described this campaign as worse. 
Why would you accept their deal? 
Governor, what is your position in this regard? 
We must have a great goal. 
So, on the key issues that are important to American families, Joe Biden has always been on the right side, and I think he will make an exceptional president if, as a forbidden paradise, something has happened to me. 
I would like to thank both of you for participating in the first of the three debates in which you agreed to participate. 
I've been working for 25 years. 
And we are not well served when we attack in an ad hominem way. 
And what I'm going to say is not classified. 
If you can make 50 cents in the heart of Mexico, for example, or make $5 here in America, $5. 15, you will come here if you are worth it, if you want to put food on the table for your families. 
Bonnes intentions, j'accorde. 
GORE: I want to thank everyone who has watched and listened to this evening because it is indeed a crucial moment in American history. 
We must defend our ideals. 
Sometimes we - we believe that by moving programs to the House or Senate, it is simply a legislative finalization and all that kind of thing. 
Now, to catch him, there's a way out -- an expanding working base. 
And we're doing a better job of it. 
TRUMP: When they train, when they train, it's something that should never have happened. 
By the way... 
Let me give you another example of what I mean. 
There are differences. 
And he said that, he said — super predators. 
Senator Kerry, I think you're the first. 
I've been working on this. 
No, Mr. WALLACE: No. 
In our first debate, he said that I had no experience, or at least that I had not been significantly involved in decision-making. 
If people send me to Washington, the first thing I'm going to do is study this 2,000-page deal and make sure it's a two-way street. 
One thing to blame is these lawsuits for professional misconduct. 
It is said, for example, that a woman does not have to go through a doorkeeper to go to her gynaecologist. 
Let me return to foreign policy. 
He's not being kidnapped from anyone else, except we're going to reduce the Ministry of Education. 
Gaddafi's out. 
In other words, we will take Joe's money, give it to Senator Obama, and let him spread wealth. 
I promise I'll keep mine. 
Secondly, he may not be as charitable as he claims. 
And for everyone, Hillary Clinton just thinks that Obamacare is a good t.k, Donald Trump and I have a plan to move this economy just the way it worked in the 1980s, just the way it worked in the 1960s, and it's by lowering taxes at the board level for working families, small businesses and family farms, by ending the war on coal that hurt jobs and the economy even here in Virginia, by repealing Obamacare lock, stock and barrel, and by repealing all the executive orders Barack Obama signed that stifle economic growth in this y. e can move America back. 
The feeling of anger, frustration and rage that will go with knowing that the only reason you were arrested, the only reason you were arrested, was because of the color of your skin would make me extraordinarily angry, and I don't know how I would answer. 
I can tell you, it's rife. 
CATER: Senator Kennedy, last week, you said that before holding another summit conference, it was important for the United States to strengthen its strength. 
Another very bad day on Wall Street, as you both know. 
Don't go to the extreme. 
And by the way, the same guy told you it was gonna end at Easter the last time. 
Unfortunately, many people have never been more concerned about the Kurds than the United States has tried to be, and we have been conducting an operation for many years to protect them from Turkey. 
We've done things you've never thought of doing. 
How can we tell South Africa and the new Mandela government that democracy, private property, limited government and the rule of law and civility will work if it does not work in our own garden here or in the South Bronx? 
She worked with nations around the world to eliminate Iran's nuclear weapons programme without firing a gun. 
I'm sure that won't happen. 
Is he wrong about that? 
I'd like to ask you some questions about them. 
What they do to us is a very, very sad thing. 
When you're president of the United States, you can't have that model to say well, I'm in favour, but I'm on the other side. 
Do you believe in the MAD, the mutual destruction assured, the mutual deterrence as it was practiced for the last generation? 
QUESTION: Thank you, and good evening. 
We have talked about many specific issues. 
Mr President, please stop. 
I think it's the people who work hard on America's money and I want to share some of that money with you so you have more money to build, save and dream about for your families. 
This will change in a Barack Obama administration. 
WALLACE: If I can just finish here, and you also said that - that Syria and Russia are busy fighting ISIS. 
It's never been done before. 
She is a brilliant woman, and she will bring a life of experience and a great American family to the Supreme Court of the United States. 
And, by the way, I want to go back for a second. 
Towards the end of October 1975, I asked the then Secretary of Defence, Mr Schlesinger, to tell me what to do to reduce the defence budget from three to five billion dollars. 
The President has submitted a number of proposals to Congress to do exactly that, and in many cases the House, controlled by the Democrats, has opposed them. 
Is your timeline realistic? 
We can continue to travel the road we have travelled, which has led to an increase in unemployment and a deterioration in the economic situation, or we can reach out to change. 
He met these party leaders every week. 
It's a fact. 
It is a coherent policy that I intend to implement. 
But now we have the lines drawn too carefully here. 
There is a considerable anti-Washington feeling throughout the country. 
It still provides a safe haven for terrorists, but we continue to give Pakistan billions of dollars. 
We're growing up. 
You can't do it on the war, where he says well, I was with the minority, but I guess I would have voted with the majority. 
He sees the economy falling free. 
I don't think o. e. said the 33,000 e-mails had to do with her wedding daughter, number one, and yoga class. 
He said -- and this will be a new question for you -- that he said you never said if you would overthrow Roe v. Wade. 
The Secretary of State admitted him this morning. 
We want to build a bridge around the 21st century and we want it to be strong enough and broad enough for all families to cross and we want it to lead to a better future for America, because our best days are coming. 
How long has he... 
I believe that the cruise missiles that we are currently developing in research and development through the spectrum of air, sea, or land, can be included in a SALT II agreement. 
Middle-class seniors such as George McKinney and his wife are not covered for four to five years. 
First of all, let me say what we did. 
Senators Kerry and Edwards were not even there to vote for final adoption. 
But I want to talk about it, it's tobacco. 
It's like you're looking -- it's the equivalent of buggy and horse days, compared to other industries here in America. 
But I also want to fill these gaps that encourage companies that ship jobs abroad. 
We signed a bill. Or we passed a bill a few weeks ago in the House of Representatives for $500 million - half a billion dollars. 
You can view our tax returns. 
That's my vision of public education all over America. 
That's how the system works. 
If you have to do things, you have to do things, and you work with the Pakistani government. 
And Israel has the right to defend itself. 
Under this administration, this force was not realized. 
It didn't work. 
The fact is... (CROSSTALK) ROMNEY: I'm still talking. 
You know the Japanese are blowing at us. 
Mr. WIEGHART (spoke in French): Mr. President, you and your party benefit from what seems to be an erosion of the former democratic coalition, but you have not defined a precise agenda to take this change beyond 6 November. 
Now, referring to your question about Quemoy and Matsu. 
We lack 9 million jobs. 
Can they count on us? 
That's why I'm fighting to clean up the environment and protect this land. 
Immunization programs are complete. 
There won't be 10 millionaires and 14 lawyers in the firm. 
CLINTON: 4th in manufacturing industry, 4th in poverty reduction, 4th in income growth. 
There has been an increase in layoffs and that's something that bothers everyone because even people who have jobs are afraid they will be laid off. 
And we ensure that those we help are our long-term friends and those of our allies in the region in the long term. 
I'm a Catholic. I raised a Catholic. 
Some have even proposed, and this bill he quotes, that polluters should be paid if they agree to stop throwing poisons in the river. 
Mr. Dulles suggested it's two to three times bigger than ours. 
Mondale, starting with you. 
And she worked hard every day and made a lot of sacrifices to make sure we had everything we needed. 
I'm making the cards you see on TV. 
Please listen in this Sunday for the second presidential debate at the University of Washington in St. Louis and the final debate on October 19 at the University of Nevada, Las s.m. Farmville, Virginia, I.M. Elaine Quijano from CBS News. 
If the wind, water or fire destroyed them, we rebuilt them. 
PENCE: I think the fact that, under this past administration of which Hillary Clinton was a member, we almost doubled the national debt is atrocious. 
Even the Republican platform criticized Ford's lack of leadership and criticized the foreign policy of that administration. 
Thirdly, in 1952, there were only seven votes in favour of the admission of Red China to the United Nations. 
You can spend it on golf club rights, if you want to. 
Thank you, America, for listening, and thank you for your fairness. 
When Donald Trump becomes president of the United States, Russians and other countries around the world will know that they are dealing with a strong American president. 
Our people think we've lost something precious. 
We should create jobs. 
The three you mentioned are imperative national security requirements. 
Freedom is on the move. 
But I think this is clearly related to the fact that, going back to the time when the All-Volunteer Army was created in 1973 - and I worked hard for it and supported it - we simply failed to keep pace with the cost of living. 
Weâ€TMs are the best and most efficient farmers. 
I'm sorry. 
It'll reduce terror, it won't eliminate it. 
And we will continue to spend money on research and development, because I really believe that this is the way to move from the way we live today to the ability to live a standard of living that we are used to and to better protect our environment, the use of technology. 
That's what we should spend money on. 
Today, it is up to $38,000 in salary that is subject to the social security wage tax. 
QUIJANO: You can — you can have 30 seconds, Governor, quickly, please. 
There has been a lot of talk about family values in this campaign. 
Let me clarify his position. 
Besides, I want them all to vote for me. 
Mr Griffin, I believe, who is the leader of the Klan, who lives in Tampa, Florida, said in a statement, I think, two or three weeks ago that he was not going to vote for me, and that he was going to vote for Mr. Nixon. 
Both are important. 
It was the anniversary of September 11. 
But -- but let me point out, I also cautioned against Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and cautioned against greed and excess business, and against CEO compensation, and all that. 
In addition, the day after Vietnam and Cambodia, and, uh - Watergate and, uh - the CIA revelations, people felt that they had been betrayed by officials, I have to admit that in the heat of the campaign - I was in thirty primarys during the spring, I campaigned for twenty-two months - I made some mistakes. 
Two minutes, governor, on the role of the government. 
Mr. LEHRER: Mr. Speaker, when you said at the time that you admit your mistakes and you looked at Governor Clinton and you said -- what mistake do you want him to admit? 
At that time, you did not veto a single spending bill. 
And we did the same thing about Ukraine, but more than launching protests, we put economic sanctions punishing Russia that we owe Trump, on the other hand, did not know that Russia had invaded Crimea. 
Over the past four years, we have worked hard to promote increased competition to reduce the rate of inflation in health care costs without eroding the quality of health care. 
Mr. Vice President, you'll have the chance to... 
He said he could be there, but he could also be much sooner. 
And now with the financial crisis, car dealers are closing and people can't get auto loans. 
In 1957, I was in Havana. 
But I'm very convinced of that. 
He was my hero when I was tall. 
TRUMP: First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero, and if I were president at the time, he would be alive today, because unlike her, who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. 
Six months after saying that Osama bin Laden was to be arrested dead or alive, the president was asked: "Where is Osama bin Laden? " 
I said, no, we can't afford it. 
BROKAW: And if you mention the experience you've had in Congress, you must surely have a plan in mind what you would do if it fell to you to become president of the United States, as has been the case for so many vice-presidents over the last 25 years. 
Now it's our turn to take that torch. 
So it's a serious threat. 
For those of you for me, thank you for your help. 
It's to make sure we raise standards. 
These are important issues, because we want more arms control and reduction. 
To defend itself, international approval would be required. 
That's -- that's the case. 
And I said it several times. 
It was, of course, beyond the reach of the Democrats. 
It is for the competent authorities who have the control of these tapes to make this decision. 
It was a big failure. 
Since then our technicians have been working in Geneva, trying to put in technical language a - an agreement that can be verified by both parties. 
That's the one I have... RADDATZ: Thank you, Mr. Trump. 
And I don't want historians, in ten years' time, to say that these are the years when the tide has faded for the United States. 
And with the reservists on duty... (CROSSTALK) BUSH: Let me answer what he just said, about the whole world. 
Because if there is a family of two parents, the prospect of living in poverty decreases considerably. 
WALLACE: Do you think that human pollution, gases, greenhouse gas emissions contribute to global warming in this planet? 
I want to leave money in your pocket. 
And I've seen some of the viciousest commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, y.o., you're talking about a friend? 
I would like to have the opportunity to go into the matter, if I may. 
Governor Carter, you entered this race against President Ford with a 20-point lead or better in the polls. 
I don't think we need 150,000 soldiers. 
I agree that it's probably longer. 
People know what to do. 
They talked about it in Washington, D.C. 
What is more moral in foreign policy than the administration to lead the World Food Conference in Rome in 1974, when the United States committed six million metric tons of food - more than 60 per cent of the food committed to the world's disadvantaged and underdeveloped nations? 
They're real jobs. 
And instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work, because they can't make a deal to — and everyone agrees that it should be brought k.d of that, they leave our country to get their money, because they can't bring their money back to our country, because of the bureaucracy, because they can't get together. 
Just the facts. 
Vice President Biden, you go first. 
We have therefore decimated the main leaders of Al-Qaida in the border regions between Afghanistan and Pakistan. 
We are not going to let our companies be attacked by other countries where we lose all our jobs, we are no longer making our product. 
But, number one, the pre-existing conditions are covered by my plan. 
It does not place real assets in the social security system. 
I believe that when you enter a w- if you are going to enter a war for the defense of Formosa, it should be on a clearly defined line. 
We are facing the terrible problems that we talked about here tonight. 
Take a look at what New York has done to reverse the curve, in terms of number of dying people. 
Well, it's in that committee or he has that sponsor. 
Who doesn't agree with neighborhood security? 
I never said I objected to fracturing. 
As mayor, every year, I cut taxes. 
Mr. PALIN: I am very grateful that we have a good plan and that the rise in power and the counter-insurgency strategy in Iraq have proved to be effective, and I am grateful that this is part of the plan implemented under the leadership of a great American hero, General Petraeus, and driven by another great American, Senator John McCain.I know that the other note opposed this rise in power, in fact, even opposed the financing of our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
I saw the smoke clouds rising from the Pentagon. 
We're going to develop some of these jobs in America, because we have to get it -- they're going in the wrong direction. 
I think what makes the economy grow is when we make sure that small businesses get a tax credit for hiring veterans who have fought for our country. 
We're on the right track. 
If you have health insurance, most of you have seen your premiums double in the last eight years. 
Then when I had two people imprisoned in Iran, I could have left them there. I could have rationalized it. We left, we took them out, we brought them home. 
I lived close to that when I was growing up in Claymont, Delaware. 
BIDEN: By the World Bank 
I -- of course, there is a lot -- look, global warming needs to be taken very seriously, and I take it seriously. 
KEMP: I really had only two differences with Bill Clinton - President Clinton and Mr Gore, foreign policy and domestic policy. 
We're tough. 
I'm in favour of the law. 
And so I feel it's where I come from. 
He ruined everything. 
Uh - I can only say that my experience is there for people to consider; Senator Kennedy is there for people to consider. 
He's already done it for four years. 
You know, you can do too much, I'm told, clean the environment. 
I think our cabinet members are key people. 
Wait, Chris. 
I remember working with Senator Ribicoff from Connecticut on the Hospice program. 
He begins by saying that the government will do so and the government will do it, then the government will do it, and that it will impose mandates. 
Governor Bush was right in his assessment and recommendation. 
Now it would have been. 
They should be treated at all levels. 
OBAMA: But the fact is that some of the prescriptions he has proposed, like letting you buy insurance across the lines of the state, there is no indication that in one way or another will help someone who has a pre-existing condition be able to finally buy insurance. 
Because there's a major problem there. 
You deserve better. 
We must be firm and strong. 
I don't suggest it, I don't support it. 
I mean, Al, get real. 
I would say that ships carrying Iranian oil cannot enter our ports. 
Secretary Clinton? 
TRUMP: I urge my supporters to go into the polls and look very carefully, because that's what has to happen. 
By the way, he has an answer for hurricanes. 
I will not continue to try to respond to these repetitions of the lies that have already been stated here. 
And my word is good. 
They are the fundamental aspect of the American economy. 
While millions of people have already voted, election day, November 8, is only 20 days away. 
They've been investigating every one of my children. 
I helped double the NIH budget to $28 billion a year to find remedies. 
Saddam is probably as strong as he ever was. 
They left the national strategic stock empty. 
Finally, for you students up there -- God bless you, I do it for you: I want you to have the American dream. 
And yet, think of where we are: we have added 1.9 million new jobs over the past 13 months. 
I knew there would be someone screaming "read my lips," and I did it because I thought it was good. 
Jack Kennedy has lowered tax rates, increased growth. 
The key is to control costs and maintain quality. 
Let's talk about climate change. 
And we never picked it up on that and did what was necessary to transfer authority and to transfer reconstruction. 
Further discussions in this series will be announced later and will focus on various topics. 
Mr. WELKER: Gentlemen, I would like to ask you a few questions about all of this. 
I am — the character of the country is on the ballot paper. 
In fact, I believe that each of these standards is essential to the country's exercise of power. 
I am in the Senate almost every Tuesday when they are in session. 
And the effect of these economic policies is like a massive grain embargo, which has brought down agricultural exports by 20 per cent. 
I said that sometimes this campaign was very ugly with negative personal attacks. 
It was like a prison. 
And there are things that have not been done that must be done to keep the American people safe. 
In this case, would you agree with the proposals of Treasury Secretary James Brady and MP Lee Hamilton to make the President of the Reserve Federal Council more accountable to elected officials? 
PENCE: We need criminal justice reform. 
We have made it less attractive for companies to stay here than to go offshore from time to time. 
They're targeting the real problem. 
Excuse me, senator. 
Governor Reagan? 
FERRARO: First of all, let me say that I believe very sincerely in the separation of the Church and the State. 
But let me tell you, blank, the stem cell lines that he has put at his disposal, all the scientists in the country will tell you, "not adequate," because they're contaminated with mouse cells, and because there's not 60 or 70 -- they're only 11 to 20 now -- and there's not enough to be able to do the research because they're contaminated. 
I know, 100% will have it if I'm the president. 
There's no one who can threaten us there. 
I supported them when they did. 
They had Merrick Garland, but the problem is they didn't get the election so they were arrested. 
You will each have two minutes to answer, then we will have a general discussion until we move on to the next part. 
I would also like to point out that we in this country have allowed our economy to run out. 
It was a way to get a lot of money, billions and billions of dollars for these cities. 
And then ask them if there's only one major initiative that John McCain differs from the president. 
But I think it's important for the federal government to accelerate and help local school districts do some of the things they need. 
He has defended this country as a young man, he will defend this country as President of the United States. 
For example, George Bush wants to retain at least 150,000 American soldiers in Europe, even though the Second World War ended 50 years ago. 
Now that we have captured or killed thousands of Al-Qaida and destroyed the regimes of Saddam Hussein and the Taliban, it is important that we defend democratically elected governments as the only guarantee that they will never return to terrorism or the production of lethal weapons. 
That's the kind of thing that would have been discussed and carefully evaluated well before that kind of -- (CROSSTALK) SCHIEFFER: So you'd say it wouldn't happen? 
This is the kind of thing we would be engaged in in a Dukakis-Bentsen administration to try to make this world a better place to live. 
The jobs are essentially non-existent.I mean, it's – you know, and I said in big speeches where I have 20,000 and 30,000 people, what do you have to lose? 
Number one. 
(Applause) I would like to have this veto for the President, because I think it would be extraordinarily useful. 
And people looked at our two plans, concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose 3.5 million jobs, and blow up the debt that would have a recession. 
And, you know, we've heard a lot about -- the governor about a few things that have been done over the last eight years, as if the promises I made eight years ago had not been kept. 
I apologize to my family. 
Programs such as the Exile Project where the federal government is intensifying the arrest of people who illegally use firearms. 
And when she said irredeemable, they're irredeemable, you didn't mention that, but when she said they're irredeemable, to me who could have been even worse. 
And we've been fighting for four years to get out of this mess. 
VANOCUR: Governor Clinton, when a president who comes into the office for the first time and wants to do something about the economy, he finds in Washington a person who has much more power over the economy than he does: the chairman of the Federal Reserve Council, who is not responsible to anyone. 
I'd love to get our troops out of here. 
And these tax incentives for people, for people to meteorization, that he wants to get, get rid of. 
He said he wanted to put it on the pile of ashes in history. 
I will be happy to talk about it a little later, because there is not enough time, but we will repeal the 83-year-old code and replace the seven and a half million words with a more flattering, fairer and simpler code that will take this roaring country in the 21st century. 
And I know first hand the strength that the president brings to it. 
Another thing we can do. 
Mr Kemp, do we have a serious race problem in the United States right now? 
Look at the lower interest rates, the low inflation rate, the high growth rate. 
Who is the best person to get results and not talk? 
Instead, once the board members have asked a question and the candidates have answered, each candidate will have two opportunities to follow up. 
As far as Iran is concerned, I hope that we can do the same, continue working with the world to convince the Iranian mullahs to abandon their nuclear ambitions. 
Now, a question from Barbara Walters. 
It was so unfair. 
But, Dan, you can clarify this very simply by repeating after me: I support the right of a woman to choose. 
Is he talking about a former Governor of the State of California, who is a former prosecutor, a Republican named Earl Warren, because I think Chief Justice Earl Warren was a remarkable Chief Justice and I think most Americans are doing it too. 
And so let's do it for the most part, but not completely eliminate it for the same top. 
It's very simple for him to clear it up. 
Mr. SINGISER: Mr. Vice-Chair, I would like to highlight the difference between how you would deal with the Castro regime and how you would prevent the establishment of communist governments in the Western Hemisphere and how Senator Kennedy would proceed. 
We have to tell the truth. 
Now, Senator McCain, the centrepiece of his economic proposal is to provide additional $200 billion in tax relief to some of the richest companies in America. 
Good luck. 
And they believe it because they know I don't want to get away from the goal: Osama bin Laden. 
But if abortions are to become illegal again, do you think that women who defy the law and have them anyway, as they did before the Supreme Court opposed them, and that the doctors who practice them should go to prison? 
Doctors don't dare to give birth sometimes because they're afraid someone's going after them. 
In fact, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice concluded that John Ashcroft had applied it twice inappropriately. 
You come to the United States and you do your business. 
If that was true, why not identify with the people of Africa? Why didn't we bring students here? Why did we offer the Congo three hundred students last June when they had had the immense revolt? That was more than we had previously offered to all of Africa by the federal government. 
These are the details we have. 
So, senator, this... this insulting campaign, I mean... QUIJANO: Governor... PENCE: It's small potatoes compared to Hillary Clinton... QUIJANO: Senator Kaine? 
Who will pay less? 
I saw B-52s, they're old enough for your father, your grandfather to fly them. 
It's a bad policy. 
I can only say that. 
What we need to do is raise the minimum wage. 
This is one of the country's most important priorities. 
We need fundamental changes in this country, and that is what I would like to make. 
And we're going to make America rich again, because if you don't do that, it's right — it seems hard to say, but we have to build the wealth of our nation. 
It's ours. 
But I'm going to answer some of the things you mentioned. 
It doesn't depend on us. 
He worked on it. 
The question before the Senate was that the money would be given to the State. 
You've already spent $45 million to scare the elders and tear me apart. 
QUESTION: We were sitting around, talking about Libya, and we read and read about reports that the State Department refused additional security for our embassy in Benghazi, Libya, before the attacks that killed four Americans. 
Who's gonna fix the cities and how? 
And I'll be honest with you. 
But we have problems attracting the black vote, and I think our balance sheet deserves better. 
Yeah, I can do it. 
You have 30 seconds if you choose. 
For so many years, I loved it. 
It's not right. 
I think it's a good decision-- he took a little heat for her, but I think it was the right decision to make. 
I was very interested in hearing about Central America and our process there, and I thought for a moment that, instead of a debate, I would find Mr Mondale in full agreement with what we are doing, because the plan he outlined is the one we have been following for some time, including the diplomatic processes throughout Central America and in close cooperation with the Contadora Group. 
We need to move on. 
It's not about his family and my family. 
Our agenda includes what this administration has not done. 
Let him finish. 
God bless the United States of America. 
I told them in early 1995. 
And it wasn't very detailed. 
You know, I didn't get my hearing aid on. 
And I'm going to do it in a way that's healthy on the tax side. 
And more specifically, would you ensure, as your party platform asks, that the federal judges you appoint prolife? 
Russia is a country in transition. 
No, we're not just going to cut the defense budget as they are -- they're proposing... BIDEN: They're going to increase it by $2 billion. 
It is also important that we look at the whole world situation. 
The next question is for Governor Clinton, and John is going to ask her. 
I'm sure there are hundreds more. 
BRUNO: I was a little worried that there might not be a free discussion tonight. 
They create government-sponsored health care. 
This year, I had my taxes and everything I own in a blind trust - so blind - more blind than the president's, so I didn't even sign my tax return. 
But you're the great man, I think. 
BUSH: Yes, but it wouldn't suggest to the American people, so here's a good person, if he decided he could automatically get the nomination of either party? 
Just the basic rules here. 
In your case, maybe just two. 
SIMPSON: Yes, very briefly. 
Free Iraq will help secure Israel. 
We've changed since 1980. 
It's important. 
The good news is we're making progress. 
And when I'm president, I will. 
Loves his family, cares about his faith. 
A free Iraq will be an ally in the war against terror, and that is essential. 
Mr. McGee has a question for Vice-President Nixon. 
He's the first candidate to run for president in the last 40 years who hasn't published his tax returns, so everything he says about charity or something else, we can't prove it. 
This is not the right path for us. 
If you're going to die, you don't have to go through this ten-year cycle that the FDA is going through with new drugs. 
Actually, we saved 1,000 jobs. 
I think this is a responsible and appropriate way to proceed. 
He is, as I have read in more than one article, a revolutionary; he has plans there that will double the speed at which this budgetary problem is being dealt with. 
